Menu

  * Seller News
    * Seller Update
      * Seller Update, October 2024
      * 2024 Summer Seller Update
      * 2024 Winter Seller Update
      * 2023 Fall Seller Update
      * 2023 Summer Seller Update
      * 2023 Winter Seller Update
      * 2022 Fall Seller Update
      * 2022 Spring Seller Update
      * 2022 Winter Seller Update
    * Seller Update, January 2025
  * Buying & Selling
    * New to selling on eBay
    * Report eBay Technical Issues
  * Product Categories
    * Collectibles & Art
  * eBay Groups
    * eBay Categories
      * Automotive (eBay Motors)
      * Business & Industrial
      * Clothing, Shoes & Accessories
      * Coins & Paper Money
      * Computers, Tablets & Networking
      * Consumer Electronics
      * Entertainment Memorabilla
      * Gift Cards & Coupons
      * Specialty Services
      * Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop
    * Business Insights
    * Regional Groups
    * Special Interest Groups
      * eBay Partner Network
      * Other Special Interest Groups
      * Trading Cards Image Detection Feature
    * Developer Forums
      * Traditional APIs: Orders, resolutions and feedback
      * Traditional APIs: Search
      * Traditional APIs: Selling
      * eBay APIs: Talk to your fellow developers
      * Token, Messaging, Sandbox related issues
      * APIs Feedback, Comments and Suggestions
      * RESTful Sell APIs: Account, Inventory, Catalog and Compliance
      * RESTful Sell APIs: Fulfillment
      * RESTful Sell APIs: Marketing, Analytics, Metadata
      * Post Order APIs - Cancellation
      * Post Order APIs - Inquiry, Case Management
      * Post Order APIs - Return
      * RESTful Buy APIs: Browse
      * RESTful Buy APIs: Order, Offer
    * Promoted Listings Advanced
    * Seller Meeting Leaders
    * eBay Open 2024 Kickoff Party
    * Up and Running 2024
    * 30th Anniversary Celebration
  * Community Info
    * Share Community Platform Feedback
    * Retired Monthly Chat with eBay Staff
    * About the Community
  * Podcasts
    * The eBay Seller Spotlight

## Welcome to the **eBay Community**!

Find answers, ask questions and connect with our community of members and
specialists.

Turn on suggestions

Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting
possible matches as you type.

Showing results for

Show only  Search instead for

Did you mean:

## Seller News: April 2025

Stay ahead of the curve by diving into our latest updates

## Find a Seller Meeting in your area

Connect with eBay sellers in your city.

## More Knowledge. More Possibilities.

Seller Center has answers you can trust for all your selling questions.

## Announcements

Click the image above for the latest Announcements from eBay.

## Featured Posts

### Seller Protections are in place for sellers impacted by severe weather

### Introducing Seller News

### Seller Protections are in place for sellers impacted by recent tornadoes

### Watch our Spring Seller Check-in

### Seller Protections are in place for sellers impacted by winter weather

### Live virtual event March 7 – hear from eBay leaders on key topics

### Seller Protections are in place for sellers impacted by winter weather

### Update to our new conditions for pre-loved clothing

### Your January Seller Update is here

### Introducing new conditions for pre-loved clothing

### Seller Protections are in place for sellers impacted by Southern storm

### We’re updating our Payments Terms of Use

### Seller Protections are in place for sellers impacted by severe winter
weather

### 2025 Shipping Carrier Rate Changes

### Seller Protections are in place for sellers impacted by Southern California
fires

### Introducing eBay’s partnership with Facebook Marketplace

### Seller Protections are in place for sellers impacted by Winter Storm Blair

### Wishing you a happy holiday season!

### Exciting News for Auction Sellers Who Offer Combined Shipping

### Your 2024 Seller Update roundup

### IRS confirms $5,000 reporting threshold for Form 1099-K for tax year 2024

### Seller Protections are in place for sellers impacted throughout the Great
Lakes region

### Meet a Seller: Laurie Wong Transforms Lives, One Meal at a Time

### Seller Protections are in place for sellers impacted by severe weather in
the Northwest

### Meet a Seller: Mark Rau is a record-breaking racer and eBay Motors seller

###  item not received... shipped by USPS

item number 9400109104250536060489 tracking number showed a delivery date 1/31I
never received the itemUSPS said it was shipped to the wrong addressI filed a
claim with eBay The issue was closed and never resolved.... even after speaking
with custome...

###  How can I get my items on Facebook Marketplace?

I sell two main items on eBay. Pocket knives and hand poured candles. I'm well
aware that the pocket knives won't be shown on Marketplace (as stupid as that
may be). However, I'm not seeing any kind of "marketplace badge" or sticker on
my candles, wh...

###  International Shipping Fees

I recently was charged an international shipping fee for something that is being
shipped to Delaware because the buyers address is in China. China is on my
excluded shipping locations. I also use eBay International Shipping program to
ship to locatio...

###  Help please with Asian art piece!

Going to the experts again. The art is about 12" x 17". It looks like watercolor
to me but.. Came from the collection of an American couple who lived/worked in
southeast Asia for many years in the 1960's-1970's. Looks to me to be a hunting
scene (are...

###  Seller needs to modify listing

I posted yesterday about a problem with a listing not stating the proper size on
a shirt. I complained to the seller (to no avail), and he hasn't modified his
listing. I hate to see other buyers having the same problem. Is there anything I
can do bef...

###  25 YEAR OLD EBAY STORE being attacked !

It appears that Ebay wants me to shut down my store ! i have sold mainly AJKA
CRYSTAL as i had (for years) h a contact in Hungary sending me crystal glasses
from the factory. Many in AJKA BOXES and many SIGNED AJKA. BUT >>>> NOW ALL OF A
SUDDEN i can...

###  _Resolved!_ Package delivered to the buyer I got to prove he sent me a
message that he got it and I was 4 days a

Yes I said this for the 1000 time My my buyer got his Ricky Henderson car 4 days
ago and you'll still got a hold on my payment cuz there's a glitch on my app
where it says the details it says it just got shipped the 25th that and it don't
say deliver...

###  Why does the Bay allow so many counterfeits be sold with no challenge?

I have never seen so many counterfeit coins allowed to sell on this platform as
I have now. Counterfeit coins in counterfeit PCGS and NGC holders, raw coins,
stolen images, etc. It is a huge and growing cesspool for bad coins and there
appears to be ...

###  Courier Service Buyers from Overseas Constantly Scamming eBay Buyer
Protection

I have a long list of buyers who had bought from our store and claim to never
have received the items when the tracking shows delivered via eBay envelope
tracking. My guess is the servicers have issues locating the packages, but that
is not my fault....

Getting started

We want your journey here to be as great as can be, so we have put together some
links to help you get quickly familiarized with the **eBay Community**.

  * What board should I post on?
  * eBay Community events

**Additional resources**

  * eBay Developers Program
  * eBay for Business podcast
  * eBay for Business YouTube
  * eBay for Sellers Instagram
  * eBay Security Center
  * System status board
  * Video: navigating eBay self-help resources
  * Video: learn about the mentor program

Announcements

Get the latest eBay news and updates on the Announcements Page

Top Solution Authors

User |  Count   
---|---  
comics-scifi-collec… |  445   
eastlaneave |  340   
mr_lincoln |  209   
mam98031 |  124   
selforfun |  101   
Most Marked as Helpful Authors

User |  Helpful Count   
---|---  
wastingtime101 |  1222   
kensgiftshop |  1213   
chapeau-noir |  1049   
ebooksdiva |  944   
mam98031 |  908   
## Latest Announcements

###  Discover key marketing moments of 2025

When are buyers most likely to make purchases and in which key categories? Find
out in eBay Advertising’s 2025 Marketing Trends Calendar and get ready to
increase your sales potential.

###  Light up your holiday sales with eBay Advertising

Maximize your sales potential with advertising.

###  Our Fall Q&A Episode

Answering your questions on returns, tracking, auctions, and more.

###  Preparing for the General Product Safety Regulation (GPSR)

What you need to know to stay compliant.

