##### eBay eGift Cards

Powered by Launch Gift Cards, Inc.

### Hassle-free

eGift Cards are digitally delivered fast and are easy to use, with no fees or
expiration date.

### Heartwarming designs

Choose a design from a wide range of themes for every occasion.

### The choice is theirs

eGift Cards can be redeemed for almost any item on eBay.com.

## You're being redirected

You’ll complete your transaction with our trusted gift cards partner on
ebay.launchgiftcards.com.

No thanksLet's go

##### FAQ

## What can gift cards be used for?

eBay gift cards can be used to buy almost anything on eBay.com. They may not be
used to buy other eBay gift cards, third party gift cards, gift certificates,
coupons, coins, paper money, virtual currency, or items generally considered to
be "bullion" (for example, gold, silver, and other precious metals in the form
of coins, bars, or ingots). Not refundable or redeemable for cash unless
required by law. Items purchased with eBay Gift Cards must be shipped to the
U.S. Full terms and conditions apply.

## Do I need an eBay account to use an eBay gift card?

You need an eBay account registered in the U.S. and a U.S. shipping address to
use an eBay gift card. You can create an eBay account at any time.

## Does my gift card expire?

Your eBay gift card does not expire and there are no fees.

## What if my order total is less than the amount of my eBay gift card?

After using your eBay gift card, any remaining balance is attached to your eBay
account. To redeem the remaining balance, select your gift card from gift cards,
coupons, and eBay bucks at checkout.

##  Where can I get help if I’m having trouble redeeming my eBay gift card at
checkout?

If you are having trouble with your eBay gift card, review these troubleshooting
steps or to contact us.

—----

Need more help? Visit eBay Gift Cards FAQs

##### Terms & Conditions

Read the eBay Gift Cards Terms and Conditions

## How can I protect myself from gift card scams and fraud?

To make sure your eBay Gift Card codes are safe from scammers, follow these
tips:

  * Your eBay Gift Card can only be redeemed at checkout on eBay.com.
  * Never give or send your eBay Gift Card code to anyone outside of eBay.com checkout. That’s a scam. 
  * Do not use your Gift Card to pay anyone outside of the eBay platform.
  * If you think you’ve been targeted by a Gift Card scam, Contact eBay Customer Service immediately. 

Learn more about Gift Card Scams.

## You're being redirected

You’ll complete your transaction with our trusted gift cards partner on
ebay.launchgiftcards.com.

No thanksLet's go

## You're being redirected

You’ll complete your transaction with our trusted gift cards partner on
ebay.launchgiftcards.com.

No thanksLet's go

