862540199340b3b0976c-3a80-4c6c-9ab3-a3eda01243dc:195f75468d619997

On this page

  * 1. Information regarding the technologies we use
  * 2. Which service providers do we cooperate with?
  * 3. Your Choices
  * 4. Do Not Track

Our Cookie Notice details all relevant information regarding the use of cookies,
web beacons and similar technologies in connection to eBay's websites,
applications, services, products and tools (collectively "Services") and your
choices in this regard.

This Cookie Notice was updated on **February 23, 2022**.

### Your options at a glance:

**Users in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland and the UK** You can
visit our dedicated settings page - opens in new window or tab to determine
whether you consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies by our third-
party partners for advertising and content personalization, measurement and
analytics purposes. **Withdrawing consent** : You can also withdraw your consent
at any time with effect for the future.

**All other users** You can visit our advertising preferences page - opens in
new window or tab (AdChoice) to adjust the settings for the usage of your eBay
activity for customized advertising purposes.

Learn more about your choices.

This Cookie Notice shall be read in conjunction with our User Privacy Notice,
and is applicable regardless of how you access and make use of our Services,
including access via mobile devices and apps.

## 1. Information regarding the technologies we use

When you use our Services, we and authorized third-party providers make use of
cookies and similar technologies (which we will refer to collectively as
"cookies"). We make use of two main types of cookies: those which will not be
saved on your device or which will only be saved on your device for as long as
your browser is active (called session cookies); and those which will be saved
on your device for a longer period (called persistent cookies). We take
appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access to our cookies.

The cookies used in connection with the Services have various functions:

  * They may be (technically) necessary for the provision of our Services
  * They help us to technically enhance our Services (e.g. monitoring of error messages and loading times)
  * They help us to recognize you so we can improve your user experience (e.g. by saving the font size and data entered into webforms)
  * They enable us to show you more relevant ads

### Learn more

### 1.1 What are cookies, web beacons and similar technologies?

**1.1.1 Cookies** Cookies are small text files which are placed in the memory of
your browser or device when you make use of our Services, in particular when you
visit our websites or when you open a message. Cookies allow for a recognition
of a specific device or browser. There are different types of cookies:

  * Session cookies expire at the end of your session (e.g. when closing your browser window) and only allow tracking your activities during this session
  * Persistent cookies remain stored on your device between sessions and allow, for example, to track your settings or activities on several websites
  * First-party cookies are set by the provider whose online service you are using (i.e. eBay)
  * Third-party cookies are set by a provider other than the provider whose online service you are using (e.g. Adobe)

**1.1.2 Web beacons** Web beacons (also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs) are
small graphic images that are used in connection with the provision of our
Services and which typically work in conjunction with cookies to track the use
of an online service by its users. For example, when we send you emails, web
beacons allow us to track if you opened the emails and clicked links to measure
campaign performance and improve features.

**1.1.3 Software Developer Kits** Software Developer Kits ("SDKs") are a
collection of software development tools in one installable package, which allow
third-party developers to integrate with our mobile application for specific
purposes (e.g. authentication). Some of the SDKs that eBay uses involve
transferring data to your device.

**1.1.4 Similar technologies** Similar technologies include local shared objects
or local storage, such as flash cookies, HTML 5 cookies and other web
application software methods, all of which store information in your browser or
device to track your activity. Additionally, there are other technologies that
function without local storage in your end device and instead make, for example,
use of browser functions. In this context, a "fingerprint" of your system is
created that serves as a unique identifier.

These technologies may function across all your browsers and in some cases are
not fully managed by your browser, but may need to be managed directly from your
installed applications or your device.

### 1.2 Why do we use these technologies?

Some of our Services can only be offered using cookies. In general, these
technologies enable us to track your user behavior and identify you – even
across devices. Please refer to our User Privacy Notice for more information
about the personal data that we collect, including via cookies, and how we
process this data.

The cookies used in connection with our Services serve the following functions:

**1.2.1 First-party cookies**

  * **1.2.1.1 Operationally necessary cookies** We use cookies that are necessary for the operation of our Services. This includes technologies that allow you access to our sites, services, applications, and tools, which are required to monitor the functioning of the site, prevent fraudulent activity, and improve security, or that allow you to make use of our functions such as shopping carts or saved search. Because these cookies are necessary to deliver our Services to you, you cannot refuse them.
  * **1.2.1.2 Analytics cookies** We use cookies to assess the performance of our Services. See section 3 for information on how you can change your cookies settings.

**1.2.2 Third-party cookies**

  * **1.2.2.1 Advertising cookies** Third-party advertising providers use cookies to deliver ads tailored to your interests. This includes using technologies to determine how relevant the advertisements are for you, which ads have already been shown to you, how often they have been shown, when and where they have been shown and if you have reacted by carrying out an activity – such as clicking on an ad. Users in the EEA, Switzerland and the UK can adjust their settings in our Advertising and related preferences - opens in new window or tab page. See section 3.2.1 for more details. All other users can adjust their settings following the processes called out in section 3.2.2 below.
  * **1.2.2.2 Social media cookies** See section 2 below.

## 2. Which service providers do we cooperate with?

Some of our partners use cookies, web beacons or other similar technologies to
deliver content tailored to your interests, including ads, on and off our
properties. This includes using technologies to determine how relevant the ads
are for you, which ads have already been shown to you, how often they have been
shown, when and where they have been shown and if you have reacted by carrying
out an activity – such as clicking on an ad or purchasing an item. For this
purpose, data may be combined with data already collected regarding your
interests.

Service providers that we cooperate with include Meta and Google.

### Learn more

### 2.1 Meta

We transmit information about your usage of our services, including additional
personal data about you, through Meta Pixel and by sending data directly to Meta
via our servers. "Meta" designates Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., Block J,
Serpentine Avenue, Dublin 4, Ireland, for users in the EEA, Switzerland and the
UK, and Meta Platforms Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, for
all other users.

These data transmissions enable us to display personalized advertisements for
you on Meta's platforms, to measure their effectiveness and to report on them.
The specific processing purposes and an explanation of the related data privacy
responsibilities are described in the Meta Business Tools Terms - opens in new
window or tab ("Meta Terms").

The following applies only to users in the EEA, Switzerland and the UK: To the
extent that we are solely responsible for the processing of your personal data
in accordance with the Meta Terms (i.e. when Meta provides comparison,
measurement and analysis services to us), Meta exclusively acts on our behalf on
the basis of an applicable processing agreement (so called Data Processing Terms
- opens in new window or tab in addition to the Meta European Data Transfer
Addendum - opens in new window or tab). However, if we and Meta assume joint
control for the collection and transmission of your personal data to Meta (i.e.
specifically for the processing of data about your usage of our services for the
purpose of targeting our advertisements, the improvement and the measurement of
the effectiveness of our advertisements), Meta will subsequently process the
data as an independent controller and assumes exclusive responsibility.

We have entered into a Joint Control agreement - opens in new window or tab with
Meta in order to determine the mutual responsibilities for the fulfillment of
data privacy obligations with regards to the joint processing. Pursuant to this
agreement, it is Meta's responsibility to safeguard the rights of the data
subjects with regards to the personal data stored by Meta under the mutual
agreement. It is our obligation to provide the above information to the data
subjects. The Meta Privacy Policy - opens in new window or tab contains
additional information about Meta's processing of personal data, including the
legal basis on which Meta operates and the options for data subjects to exercise
their rights against Meta. For example, you may opt out of use of the Meta Pixel
by logging into your Meta account and changing your privacy or advertising as
per Meta's opt-out instructions.

### 2.2 Google

We transmit information about your usage of our services, including additional
personal data about you, to Google. "Google" designates Google Ireland Ltd.,
Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, for users in the EEA,
Switzerland and UK, and Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA
94043, USA, for all other users.

These data transmissions enable us to display personalized advertisements for
you on and off our properties via the advertising products and the marketing
platforms of Google (Google advertising products, such as Google Ad Manager,
Google Ads), and to measure their effectiveness, to select and provide content,
to provide reports about such content and to gain insights into target groups
and product developments. You can find additional information in the Google
Privacy Policy - opens in new window or tab and an explanation of the data
privacy obligations in the Google Ads Data Protection Terms: Service Information
- opens in new window or tab.

**2.2.1 Google Analytics** We use Google Analytics, an analysis tool of Google
to continuously improve our Services. The use includes the Universal Analytics
operating mode. This makes it possible to assign data, sessions and interactions
across multiple devices to a pseudonymous user ID and thus analyze a user's
activities across multiple devices. Google Analytics uses cookies that are
stored on your device and that enable us to analyze your use of our Services.
The data collected by the cookies regarding the use of our Services (including
your IP address) are usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and
stored there (see additional information on masked IP addresses below in this
section).

On our behalf, Google processes this data to evaluate the use of our Services,
to compile reports on usage activities and to provide us with further services
associated with the use of our Services. Your IP address transmitted in the
context of Google Analytics will not be combined with other data from Google.

The data collected via Google Analytics is automatically deleted after 14
months. Data whose retention period has been reached is automatically deleted
once a month.

You can prevent the collection of data through the Google Analytics cookie by
adjusting your browser settings accordingly. If you deactivate cookies, you may
not be able to use all functions of our Services to their full extent, however.
In addition, you can prevent the collection of data related to your use of the
Services (including your IP address) via the Google Analytics cookie and the
processing of this data by Google by installing the following browser plugin -
opens in new window or tab.

Further information about Google Analytics can be found in the terms of use -
opens in new window or tab and in the privacy policy - opens in new window or
tab of Google.

We would like to point out that on our website, your IP address has been masked
before sharing with Google Analytics. This means that, before your IP address is
transmitted to Google's servers in the USA, it is sent to a Google server in the
EEA, where it is shortened so that it cannot be traced to a specific person.
Only after the IP address has been made anonymous is the shortened IP address
sent to a Google server in the USA and stored there.

**2.2.2 Google Signals** We also use Google Signals in connection with the
provision of our Services. This is an extension function of Google Analytics
that enables cross-device tracking. This means that if your Internet-enabled
devices are linked to your Google Account, Google can generate reports on usage
patterns (especially cross-device traffic) even if you switch devices. If you
have activated the setting "personalized ads" in your Google account, Google
will process data for this purpose. We do not process personal data in this
respect, we only receive statistics based on Google Signals.

You can deactivate the use of Google Signals at any time by downloading and
installing the browser plugin in order to opt-out of Google Analytics (see above
under Google Analytics). This will prevent the collection of data generated by
the cookie and related to your use of the Services (including your IP address)
and the processing of this data by Google. In addition, you can disable the
"personalized advertising" setting in your Google Account. Details can be found
in Google's Help section about ads - opens in new window or tab.

**2.2.3 Google reCAPTCHA: Prevention of automated access** We make use of Google
reCAPTCHA ("reCAPTCHA") within the provision of our Services. reCAPTCHA is used
to check and prevent interactions through automated access, for example through
so-called bots (computer programs that perform tasks automatically and
independently). reCAPTCHA is used in particular to check whether data input in
connection with our Services (e.g. in a contact form) is carried out by a human
or by an automated program. For this purpose, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of
the user on the basis of various characteristics. This analysis automatically
begins as soon as the user connects with the online service, e.g. visits the
website. For the purposes of this analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various pieces
of information (e.g. IP address, duration of the user's visit to the online
service or the user's mouse movements). The data collected during the analysis
is forwarded to Google. The analyses by reCAPTCHA are carried out entirely in
the background.

You can find details on Google's page about reCAPTCHA - opens in new window or
tab and in Google's Privacy Notice - opens in new window or tab.

## 3. Your Choices

Your choice options for the use of cookies relating to our Services will depend
on the purposes for which we use these technologies.

With regard to the use of advertising-related or personalization-related
technologies, you have the following options:

**Users in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland and the UK** You can
visit our dedicated settings page - opens in new window or tab to determine
whether you consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies by our third-
party partners for advertising and content personalization, measurement and
analytics purposes. **Withdrawing consent** : You can also withdraw your consent
at any time with effect for the future.

**All other users** You can visit our advertising preferences page - opens in
new window or tab (AdChoice) to adjust the settings for the usage of your eBay
activity for customized advertising purposes.

### Learn more

### 3.1 Technologies which are necessary for the provision of our Services or
performance-related

If you wish to deactivate the use of any cookies – including cookies that are
necessary for the provision of our Services or performance-related, you may do
so by using the settings in your browser or device, if this is supported by your
browser or device. The settings must be made separately for each browser you
use. You can manage your browser-based cookies by adjusting your device browser
settings (e.g. Chrome - opens in new window or tab, Edge - opens in new window
or tab, Firefox - opens in new window or tab, Internet Explorer - opens in new
window or tab, or Safari - opens in new window or tab).

Please note that you may not be able to use certain eBay services when you
deactivate cookies (e.g. the "add item to cart" function). You may also need to
enter your password more frequently during your browser sessions.

### 3.2 Technologies which are used for advertising and content personalization,
measurement and analytics purposes

**3.2.1 Users in the EEA, Switzerland and the UK** You can specifically control
- opens in new window or tab whether our third-party partners may use cookies to
show you personalized ads. This will only be done with your consent, which you
can withdraw at any time.

If you choose not to allow our third-party partners to use your personal data
for ad targeting purposes, this does not mean that no advertisements will be
shown to you. It simply means that these advertisements will not be personalized
for you by our third-party partners by means of cookies.

**3.2.2 All other users** You can determine under AdChoice – eBay Advertising
Preferences - opens in new window or tab, whether you agree to the use of
advertising based on your eBay activity. You can also reach the AdChoice
preferences directly via a link in the corresponding advertisement or in the
footer of our website. Please visit our Help page for additional information
regarding the AdChoice Program.

You can also deactivate the use of any third-party cookies – e.g. by online ad
networks – within our Services by using the settings in your browser or the
settings in your device, if this is supported by your browser or device.

Further, you can find additional information on advertising-related third-party
cookies and similar technologies and how to prevent their use on the following
websites:

  * www.youronlinechoices.com - opens in new window or tab
  * www.aboutads.info/choices - opens in new window or tab (available in English only)
  * www.networkadvertising.org/choices - opens in new window or tab (available in English only)

If you delete all cookies on your device, any opt-out cookies that have already
been set will also be deleted, so that you will have to declare again any opt-
outs that have already been declared.

## 4. Do Not Track

California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not
Track (DNT) signals. Because there currently isn't an industry or legal standard
for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we don't respond to them at this time.
We await the result of work by the privacy community and industry to determine
when such a response is appropriate and what form it should take.

### Was this article helpful for you?

You might also be interested in:

  * Technical issuesFrom time to time, you may experience some technical issues with our site. If that happens, there are some things you can check.2 min article
  * User Privacy Notice
In our User Privacy Notice we have compiled all essential information about our
handling of your personal data and your corresponding rights.

This User Privacy Notice is effective from **April 21, 2025**. View the previous
User Privacy Notice.

15 min article

  * User Agreement
This User Agreement is effective upon acceptance for new users, and from July
26, 2024 for existing users. The previous amendment to this User Agreement was
effective for all users on October 28, 2023.

10 min article

  * Community content policy
Sharing content with other eBay members - either via discussion boards, product
reviews, collections or groups - is a great way to help build the eBay
community, and is something we encourage all our users to do.

4 min article

