862540199372efb1244f-8317-4c4a-9b93-3e7f80d9973e:195f754690b19997

By becoming familiar with and following our policies, you'll help us maintain a
safe environment for all, and be able to avoid interruptions that might come
from inadvertent violations of our rules.

Some of our rules reflect local legal requirements, while others are based on
our experience of how best to protect everyone using eBay services.

In our policy section, you'll find information on items that can and can't be
sold, guides to creating and maintaining listings, details on how we protect
your personal details and more.

You can also find our User Agreement, User Privacy Notice, and Cookie Notice.
These lay out the most critical information around our terms of use, the
information we collect from you, and how we keep that information safe.

Prohibited and restricted items

Learn about items that can and can't be sold on eBay, and where we have
restrictions on the sale of some products and services.

Rules and policies for buyers

When you bid on or buy and item on eBay, you're agreeing to the rules we've set
out for our community.

Feedback policies

While feedback is intended as an open forum, we have guidelines and policies to
ensure it's used constructively and fairly.

Member behavior policies

When you buy and sell on eBay, we expect that you and your information are
treated in a respectful manner, and that you afford other members the same
courtesy.

eBay Money Back Guarantee policy

When you buy on eBay, in most cases, we guarantee that you'll get your item or
your money back.

Listing policies

Find out everything you need to know about our rules for creating listings, and
get advice on how to make your listings more successful.

Selling policies

Our selling policies are designed to help you deliver the best experience
possible to your buyers.

Motors bidding policy

Learn about our motors policy and find out how to sell cars and other motor
vehicles on eBay.

False reports of policy violations

Find out how we deal with false reports of policy violations.

Identity policies

Find out how our identity policies protect all of our members, and make eBay a
safe and trusted marketplace.

Payment policies

Learn about the approved payment methods sellers can offer in their listings and
find help on what to do if something goes wrong.

eBay Marketing Program Terms

If you launch any of eBay’s advertising services, including Promoted Listings,
you are agreeing to the eBay Marketing Program Terms.

Resolving technical issues

Learn how to troubleshoot any technical issues you may experience with our site.

Activity on eBay is required to follow this policy, the eBay User Agreement and
all applicable laws, as well as respect the rights of third parties. If it
doesn’t, eBay may take action consistent with applicable laws and the eBay User
Agreement, and may even be legally required to do so. Such actions may include,
as an example only: Removing the listing or other content, issuing a warning,
restricting activity or account suspension.

### Was this article helpful for you?

###  Related help topics

See other articles in:

You might also be interested in:

  * Your eBay account
It takes just a few minutes to create an eBay account. Once your account is set
up, you can buy and sell, send messages to other eBay members, and leave
feedback for buyers and sellers.

1 min overview

## Need more help?

Get the help you need from our automated assistant, or contact an agentContact
us

## Other options for you

Report an item

Report the buyer - opens in new window or tab

Report the seller

