## Confirm Opt In

Are you sure you want to opt back in ?

CancelConfirm

# Your Privacy Choices

## State Opt-out Rights

Residents of certain US states, including California and Virginia, have the
right to opt out of having their personal information used or sold for certain
purposes. Rights may vary by state, but below we offer a unified option to
exercise those rights.

Your rights include opting out of the “sale” of data or sharing of your personal
data with third parties for cross-context personalized advertising. Cross-
context personalized advertising means ads are targeted based on personal data
gathered from activity over time and across non-affiliated properties. Opting
out does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from eBay, or that your
eBay experience will not be personalized based on your eBay activity. But the
eBay ads you see will no longer be tailored to you based on the combination of
your eBay activity with your activity on non-affiliated websites, applications,
and online services. In some jurisdictions, you can also broadcast the Global
Privacy Control (GPC) to opt-out as described above. Where legally required,
when we detect such a signal, we will honor that choice, including associating
it with your eBay account when you are logged in. In that instance, eBay will
honor your choice regardless of the setting shown in the toggle below.

**Error: We were unable to complete your request. Please try again.**

### To exercise the opt-out rights described above, switch the toggle to ‘Out’*

InOut

For more information about the personal information we collect and our sharing
practices, please visit our User Privacy Notice. Residents of states with
specific privacy laws can learn more about their privacy rights under their
states’ laws and ways to submit other privacy requests by visiting our State
Privacy Disclosures page.

* Switching the toggle to ‘out’ will opt you out of both the sale of your personal data and use of your personal data for targeted advertising as defined by applicable law and as explained above. For your opt-out choice to be associated with your eBay account, you’ll need to log in to your account before making your choice. If you are not logged in, the opt-out choice will only apply to your use of eBay through the current browser you’re using and only so long as that browser’s cookies are not erased.

