Back to home page

|Listed in category:

Share

## People who viewed this item also viewed

  * ### Sony PlayStation 4 Pro 1TB Game Console - Jet Black
Private

$119.69

+ shipping
  * ### Sony PlayStation 4 Pro 1TB Console - Black
Private

$1.30

+ US $237.24 shipping
  * ### Sony PlayStation 4 Pro 1TB Console - Black
Private

$40.00

+ US $200.86 shipping
  * ### Sony PlayStation 4 Pro 1TB Console - Black
Business

$89.99

+ US $157.59 shipping
  * ### CONSOLE PLAYSTATION 4 Nera 500Gb PS4 + Cavi
Business

$94.87

+ US $21.59 shipping

(0) Detail(s) of 5 selectedApply

Learn about the sellerClick here to view a seller’s feedback and more.

## Picture 1 of 1

36 viewed in the last 24 hours

Stock photo

## Gallery

## Picture 1 of 1

Stock photo

# Sony PlayStation 4 Pro 1TB Console - Black

  * Seller's other itemsSeller's other items

US $200.00

or Best Offer

Condition:

UsedUsed

More information - About this item condition

## Used

An item that has been used previously. The item may have some signs of cosmetic
wear, but is fully operational and functions as intended. This item may be a
floor model or store return that has been used. See the seller’s listing for
full details and description of any imperfections.

  * Buy It Now
Sony PlayStation 4 Pro 1TB Console - Black

  *   *   * 

## Oops! Looks like we're having trouble connecting to our server.

Refresh your browser window to try again.

Refresh Browser

Hurry before it's gone. 1 person is watching this item.

Shipping:

Will ship to Turkey. Read item description or contact seller for shipping
options. See detailsfor shipping

Located in: Detroit, Michigan, United States

Delivery:

Varies

Returns:

Seller does not accept returns. See details- for more information about returns

Payments:

Diners Club

## Shop with confidence

eBay Money Back Guarantee

Get the item you ordered or your money back.Learn moreeBay Money Back Guarantee
- opens new window or tab

Report this itemReport this item - opens in new window or tab

About this item

Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.

eBay item number:365497057557

Last updated on Apr 01, 2025 15:12:56 PDTView all revisionsView all revisions

## Item specifics

Condition

    
Used: An item that has been used previously. The item may have some signs of
cosmetic wear, but is ... Read moreabout the conditionUsed: An item that has
been used previously. The item may have some signs of cosmetic wear, but is
fully operational and functions as intended. This item may be a floor model or
store return that has been used. See the seller’s listing for full details and
description of any imperfections. See all condition definitionsopens in a new
window or tab  
0711719513605

Brand

    
Sony

Type

    
Home Console

Platform

    
Sony PlayStation 4

Color

    
Black

Model

    
Sony PlayStation 4 Pro

Connectivity

    
HDMI, USB-A

Features

    
Blu-Ray Compatible, Wi-Fi Capability, Internet Browsing  
CUH-7015B

Storage Capacity

    
1 TB

Resolution

    
4K (UHD)

## About this product

## Product Identifiers

Brand

Sony

CUH-7015B

0711719513605

Model

Sony PlayStation 4 Pro

eBay Product ID (ePID)

19031090661

## Product Key Features

Platform

Sony PlayStation 4

Storage Capacity

1 TB

Color

Black

Connectivity

HDMI, USB-A

Resolution

4K (UHD)

Features

Blu-Ray Compatible, Wi-Fi Capability, Internet Browsing

Type

Home Console

## Additional Product Features

Manufacturer Color

Black

## Item description from the seller

About this seller

Joined Mar 2025

Seller's other itemsContact

Save seller

## Seller Feedback

No feedback yet

## Product ratings and reviews

2115 product ratings

  *  _1880 users rated this 5 out of 5 stars_
1880

  *  _136 users rated this 4 out of 5 stars_
136

  *  _28 users rated this 3 out of 5 stars_
  *  _17 users rated this 2 out of 5 stars_
  *  _54 users rated this 1 out of 5 stars_

Fun

Good value

### Most relevant reviews

  * by shoppinggramma58
May 25, 2020Top favorable review

#### Can't believe I waited so long

I bought two brand new PlayStation 3s right when they came out. When the PS4
came out I said I was going to wait until the price has dropped because in my
opinion they were just too expensive. Unfortunately that never really happened
LOL. But, with time although there was no price drop there was the Advent of the
PS4 pro. No concern about not having enough memory oh, so many more options for
gaming and even the ability to play old favorites from past console editions. I
also purchased the VR bundle and as a gaming system as a whole, I am super
satisfied la only wish I had purchased this set up sooner.I bought two brand new
PlayStation 3s right when they came out. When the PS4 came out I said I was
going to wait until the price has dropped because in my opinion they were just
too expensive. Unfortunately that never really happened LOL. But, with time
although there was no price drop there was the Advent of the PS4 pro. No concern
about not having enough memory oh, so many more options for gaming and even the
ability to play old favorites from past console editions. I also purchased the
VR bundle and as a gaming system as a whole, I am super satisfied la only wish I
had purchased this set up sooner.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-OwnedSold by: pjblack3

  * Mar 27, 2020Top critical review
#### Love my new personal jet engine!

OK, this was a good price for a used PS4 Pro and everything worked great. I
can't complain about the condition of the product, but... THE NOISE OF THIS
THING! I measured it at 65dB under full load. To compare, that's as if I turned
on an electric shaver and just left it running while trying to game. I went as
far as taking the thing apart to inspect the fan, but it was clean and
unobstructed. It's just friggin' loud. It turns out the first generation of the
PS4 Pro just... IS this loud. It's insane. I only bought this to play 2-3
essential PlayStation exclusives and then I am back to PC, so I will suffer
through it. But if you plan on getting serious mileage out of your PS4 Pro, then
be sure you are buying a newer generation of the product.OK, this was a good
price for a used PS4 Pro and everything worked great. I can't complain about the
condition of the product, but... THE NOISE OF THIS THING! I measured it at 65dB
under full load. To compare, that's as if I turned on an electric shaver and
just left it running while trying to game. I went as far as taking the thing
apart to inspect the fan, but it was clean and unobstructed. It's just friggin'
loud. It turns out the first generation of the PS4 Pro just... IS this loud.
It's insane. I only bought this to play 2-3 essential PlayStation exclusives and
then I am back to PC, so I will suffer through it. But if you plan on getting
serious mileage out of your PS4 Pro, then be sure you are buying a newer
generation of the product.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-OwnedSold by: smart7onlinesales

  * Mar 02, 2020
#### Ps4 pro great price, great product

When compared to refurbished, used or even brand new Pro consoles this one beats
everything that I searched for. For under 300 I got this device right on time
brand new in the box. As of this moment it's working great and I hope it will
last me longer than the last one that I had.When compared to refurbished, used
or even brand new Pro consoles this one beats everything that I searched for.
For under 300 I got this device right on time brand new in the box. As of this
moment it's working great and I hope it will last me longer than the last one
that I had.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: NewSold by: rushhourwholesaler

  * by qcve8C87TQ2@Deleted
Jan 23, 2018

#### A real pro

Very glad I bought the pro, runs intensive games buttery smooth. Usually a pc
gamer, picked up the ps4 to play the exclusives and the pro crushes it every
time I fire it up. Some games come with an option menu when firing them up using
the pro asking if I want the system to prioritize frame rate, graphics or
resolution. Very cool feature for the different types of gamers. Very glad I
bought the pro, runs intensive games buttery smooth. Usually a pc gamer, picked
up the ps4 to play the exclusives and the pro crushes it every time I fire it
up. Some games come with an option menu when firing them up using the pro asking
if I want the system to prioritize frame rate, graphics or resolution. Very cool
feature for the different types of gamers.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: NewSold by: rebateguys

  * by jobjcb.rf7l0z1u3z
May 21, 2020

#### Couldn't be happier!

The console and all components were packaged very carefully. The console is in
great condition visibly- looks brand new- and works just as well. The controller
is in equally great condition. Super thrilled with this purchase. Will be
putting in many hours on this playstation for sure!The console and all
components were packaged very carefully. The console is in great condition
visibly- looks brand new- and works just as well. The controller is in equally
great condition. Super thrilled with this purchase. Will be putting in many
hours on this playstation for sure!

Verified purchase: YesCondition: RefurbishedSold by: minnesotawild2003

Back to home page|See More Details about"Sony PlayStation 4 Pro 1TB Console -
Black"Return to top

## More to explore :

  * Sony PlayStation 4 Slim Black 1TB Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 4 Pro Black 1 TB Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 4 Black Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 4 Pro Black Video Game Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 4 Pro Video Game Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 4 Video Game Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 4 Consoles & Video Games,
  * Sony PlayStation 4 Replacement Motherboards Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 4 Black Video Game Home Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 5 Consoles

## Shop Top Sellers and Highly Rated Products in Video Game Consoles

### Best Sellers

  * Microsoft Xbox Series X 1TB Video Game Console - Black
  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 512GB Video Game Console - White
  * Nintendo Switch (OLED Model) HEG-001 Splatoon 3 Edition Video Game Console - 64GB - Black/Blue/Yellow Gradient
  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon Blue
  * Nintendo 2DS XL Handheld Console with Mario Kart 7 Bundle - Black/Turquoise

### Top Rated

  * Microsoft Xbox Series X 1TB Video Game Console - Black
  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 512GB Video Game Console - White
  * Nintendo 2DS XL Handheld Console with Mario Kart 7 Bundle - Black/Turquoise
  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon Blue
  * Nintendo Switch (OLED Model) HEG-001 Splatoon 3 Edition Video Game Console - 64GB - Black/Blue/Yellow Gradient

## Related Searches

  * Playstation 4 Pro 1 TB
  * Playstation 4 Pro Console
  * New Playstation 4 Pro Console
  * Playstation 4 Pro with Games
  * Playstation 4 Pro 1 TB Bundle
  * Playstation 4 Pro 2 TB

##

About this seller

Joined Mar 2025

Seller's other itemsContact

Save seller

## Seller Feedback

No feedback yet

View official PSA data on eBay.

