Back to home page

|Listed in category:

Share

## People who viewed this item also viewed

  * ### CUSTOM PURPLE Nintendo Wii Video Game System Console 2-REMOTE Accessories Bundle
Business

$159.95

+ US $118.12 shipping
Sponsored

  * ### Nintendo Wii Console Bundle RVL-001 2 Controllers, Cords and 4 Games Tested
Private

$90.00

+ US $152.34 shipping
  * ### Authentic & Tested White Nintendo Wii Console With All Hookups & 3 Games, Works
Private

$9.50

+ US $140.51 shipping
  * ### Nintendo Wii Console Bundle RVL-001 With 4 Games W/ Accessories Tested Works
$54.95

+ US $166.30 shipping
  * ### Nintendo Wii Video Game System RVL-001 Console Bundle
Private

$18.50

+ US $129.20 shipping

(0) Detail(s) of 5 selectedApply

Learn about the sellerClick here to view a seller’s feedback and more.

## Picture 1 of 6

In 492 carts

4.1K

## Gallery

## Picture 1 of 6

# Nintendo Wii Video Game System RVL-001 Console 2-REMOTE Bundle NEW ACCESSORIES

Loot Hive

  * (483696)

  * 99.3% positive
  * Seller's other itemsSeller's other items

US $129.95

Condition:

Very Good - RefurbishedVery Good - Refurbished

More information - About this item condition

“System is refurbished in "C-Stock" and comes with brand new accessories
including 2 remotes! Photos ”... Read moreabout condition

## Very Good - Refurbished

The item shows minimal wear and is backed by a one year warranty. It is fully
functional and has been professionally refurbished, inspected and cleaned to
very good condition by qualified sellers. The item includes original or new
accessories and will come in new generic packaging. See the seller's listing for
full details.

Quantity:

458 available2,523 sold

  * Buy It Now
Nintendo Wii Video Game System RVL-001 Console 2-REMOTE Bundle NEW ACCESSORIES

  *   * 

## Oops! Looks like we're having trouble connecting to our server.

Refresh your browser window to try again.

Refresh Browser

People want this. 4148 people are watching this.

This one's trending. 2523 have already sold.

Shipping:

US $117.24eBay International Shipping

Shop worldwide with confidence including detailed tracking and hassle-free
returns.Learn more

. See detailsfor shipping

Located in: Minneapolis, MN, United States

Authorities may apply duties, fees, and taxes upon delivery

You may owe duties and fees upon delivery

Customs authorities may apply duties, customs fees, and taxes when your order
arrives. Your local authority will be in touch if there’s anything you owe.

What are import charges?

Import charges includes duties, processing fees, and taxes on imports.

Duties are a type of tax collected on imports by a country's customs
authorities. Usually, the duties vary depending on the item and its value. In
different countries, this tax may be called a customs duty, import duty, or
tariff.

Carriers and customs authorities may charge additional processing fees.

Delivery:

Estimated between Wed, May 14 and Wed, Jun 4 to 34096

Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's
handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and
will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared paymentcleared
payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially
during peak periods.

Please note the delivery estimate is greater than 27 business days.

Seller ships within 1 day after receiving cleared payment.

Returns:

30 days returns. Buyer pays for return shipping. If you use an eBay shipping
label, it will be deducted from your refund amount. See details- for more
information about returns

Payments:

Diners Club

## Shop with confidence

Top Rated Plus

Top rated seller, fast shipping, and free returns.Learn more- Top Rated Plus -
opens in a new window or tab

eBay Money Back Guarantee

Get the item you ordered or your money back.Learn moreeBay Money Back Guarantee
- opens new window or tab

Report this itemReport this item - opens in new window or tab

About this item

Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.

eBay item number:334234590018

Last updated on Mar 21, 2025 06:11:30 PDTView all revisionsView all revisions

## Item specifics

Condition

    
Very Good - Refurbished

The item shows minimal wear and is backed by a one year warranty. It is fully
functional and has been professionally refurbished, inspected and cleaned to
very good condition by qualified sellers. The item includes original or new
accessories and will come in new generic packaging. See the seller's listing for
full details. See all condition definitionsopens in a new window or tab

Seller Notes

    
“System is refurbished in "C-Stock" and comes with brand new accessories
including 2 remotes! Photos ... Read moreabout the seller notes“System is
refurbished in "C-Stock" and comes with brand new accessories including 2
remotes! Photos are not of exact system/condition you will receive.”Read
Lessabout the seller notes

Country/Region of Manufacture

    
Japan

Custom Bundle

Item Height

Item Depth

Connectivity

    
Composite RCA

Year of Manufacture

    
2006

Features

    
Wi-Fi Capability

Year Manufactured

    
2010

Item Length

Item Weight

Resolution

    
480p

Manufacturer Warranty

    
None  
0045496342074

Brand

    
Nintendo

Type

    
Handheld System

Region Code

    
NTSC

Platform

    
Nintendo Wii

Color

    
White

Model

    
RVL-001

Storage Capacity

    
512 MB

## About this product

## Product Information

The Nintendo Wii is a home video game console in the color white. It was first
released in 2006 by Nintendo and introduced the Wii Remote controller, which can
be used as a handheld pointing device and which detects movements in three
dimensions. Several other controllers may be bought separately and connected to
the Wii or to the Wii Remote. Wii games are played from DVD-type Wii optical
discs. Games from consoles that were released before the Wii are downloaded from
the internet directly to the console with the Virtual Console service.

## Product Identifiers

Brand

Nintendo

RVL-001

0650045596046, 0045496342074, 0641022978153

Model

eBay Product ID (ePID)

223459468

## Product Key Features

Platform

Nintendo Wii

Region Code

NTSC

Storage Capacity

512 MB

Color

White

Type

Handheld System

## Additional Product Features

Edition

Launch Edition

Console Color

White

Ibm "Broadway" PowerPC

Country Region

United States

Manufacturer Color

White

Internet Connectivity

Wireless

Audio Output Support

Stereo

Power Source Types

Power Adapter-External

Product Name

Nintendo Wii

Device Input Support

Remote Control

Product Line

Nintendo Wii

## Item description from the seller

About this seller

## Loot Hive

#### 99.3% positive feedback•1.5M items sold

Joined Jan 1998

eBay seller for over 25 years! We're a small company offering a massive
selection of new, used, and refurbished consumer products at deep discounts,
which includes Video Game Consoles, Games & ... See moreeBay seller for over 25
years! We're a small company offering a massive selection of new, used, and
refurbished consumer products at deep discounts, which includes Video Game
Consoles, Games & Accessories, Toys & Collectibles, Trading Cards & Supplies,
Cell Phones & Mobile Devices, GPS, Watches, Household Goods and more!Owned and
operated by ZKarlo, inc8933 Lyndale Ave S.Bloomington, MN 55420See less

Visit storeContact

Save seller

###  Detailed seller ratings

Average for the last 12 months

Accurate description

4.9

Reasonable shipping cost

5.0

Shipping speed

5.0

Communication

5.0

### Popular categories from this store

See allcategories

## Seller feedback (499,377)

This item (360)

All items (499,377)

Filter:All ratings

All ratings

Positive

Neutral

Negative

  * 3***1 (42)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Excellent Condition and service. Worked as described. All accessories in
excellent condition. Be aware that controllers aren't equipped with motion sense
so buyers must purchase additional items like the motion plus adapter sensors
(if you want to play Wii sports resort etc.) and an HDMI to RCA Cable (or a Wii
to HDMI converter) if you intend to play on a modern TV that doesn't have a
red/white/yellow cable connector. Overall, great buy and I would still
recommend.

  * 8***8 (5)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Received order on time. Games console worked great and in great condition for a
20 year old system. Affordable. I would buy from here again.

  * t***a (65)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Just like the one I used to have! Everything works great and arrived quickly in
perfect condition. Fantastic value for the price.

  * 9***m (1279)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Arrived quickly and everything works as described/ Looks brand new. Grandkids
very happy.

  * l***e (243)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Most well packaged item I have ever seen. It was so well packed and
professionally done. Super clean console and everything else was new third party
accessories. Everything works great and super happy to have bought it. Will buy
from again.

  * n***n (1)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Arrived quickly and in great shape. Works great Ty!

  * j***j (1364)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

The Wii arrived in perfect working condition and I got it all setup for my
gaming needs, very satisfied with my purchase, A+++++++++++++++++

  * i***a (9)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

This seller does indeed clean and quality control their merchandise. Thank
you!!!

See all feedback

Filter:All ratings

All ratings

Positive

Neutral

Negative

  * e***j (128)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Great seller! Awesome experience working with this seller. I was very impressed
with the quality & condition of the item when it arrived. It was well packaged &
protected, so the item did not get damaged from shipping. The item looked just
like it did in pictures showed in the listing. It was a good value purchase &
shipping costs were reasonable. Great communication! So if you want a good
buying experience, this is the right place! I will definitely be back for more
in the future. Thanks again!

1986 Garbage Pail Kids OS1 Series 1 UK Adam Bomb 8a Sticker Card PSA 9 MINT GPK
(#364892899904)

  * 6***n (1027)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

☆☆☆☆☆ Quality, condition and appearance just as described, at a decent price!
Packaged very well and shipped/received within a couple of days. Great seller!

NEW Hot Wheels Premium Car Culture Canyon Warriors '73 VOLVO 142 GL 1:64 Car
(#335055350836)

  * j***c (159)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

This is my second purchase from Loot Hive, and I’ve been really happy. Items
have consistently arrived clean, well packaged, and as described. The microphone
had an unexpected manufacturing defect that prevented it from being plugged into
the gaming console. The seller was quickly responsive with a working replacement
and paid for return shipping. Highly recommend Loot Hive for your gaming needs!

Genuine Rock Band 1 2 3 4 USB MICROPHONE for PS3 / Wii / Xbox 360 / PS2 Mic RB
(#365117184213)

  * 9***9 (45)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

I was pleased to receive the PRINCESS LEIA Bespin 3.75" Figure. It was shipped
fast and was in good condition. The packaging was in great condition and shipped
to protect from damage. The appearance was as advertised. The quality is good
and adds value to my Star Wars figure collection. I would buy from this seller
again. Thank you for the great service.

NEW Hasbro Star Wars Vintage Collection PRINCESS LEIA Bespin Escape 3.75" Figure
(#404022439555)

  * y***y (71)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Item shipped quickly, nicely packaged and as described. In fact, it exceeded my
expectations. The system and controller arrived spotlessly clean, not even a
smudge - and both look amazing. Everything works perfectly and appreciated the
set up instructions and brand new cables included. Considering the price, a
great deal for such an old system. Great transaction, A+++ seller.

Microsoft XBox 360 E System BLACK Video Game Console 250GB Wireless Bundle 360E
(#364184910623)

  * *****- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Seller was very friendly! I had put the wrong address at first when making the
purchase originally, but they had refunded me and I was able to buy the item
shortly after with the correct address :) The item IS as described - fully
packaged and very nice. The stylus fits my 3DS XL which is so lovely as my old
one was starting to scratch the screen. and the shipping seemed really fast!
Thank you!

  * r***r (330)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

The band arrived quickly and was well packed. Price was affordable and it is
exactly as described. New in package and cannot wait to open it and am very
excited to use it. Happy that it is an Apple Watch band and therefore will be
great quality. Excellent transaction. Thank you very much.

NEW Nike 44mm Sport Band Hasta/Light Silver for Apple Watch Nike+ MJ6K3AM/A
(#363817353808)

  * j***8 (431)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Great seller! Excellent communication. Accurate description, accurate photos,
packed carefully, shipped and arrived quickly. What buyers hope for! You can
trust this seller.

2023 Topps Garbage Pail Kids InterGOOlactic Mayhem SPACE FARCE Insert 10 CardSet
(#335513977581)

See all feedback

## Product ratings and reviews

1636 product ratings

  *  _1348 users rated this 5 out of 5 stars_
1348

  *  _150 users rated this 4 out of 5 stars_
150

  *  _41 users rated this 3 out of 5 stars_
  *  _27 users rated this 2 out of 5 stars_
  *  _70 users rated this 1 out of 5 stars_

Good graphics

Good value

### Most relevant reviews

  * Dec 26, 2018Top favorable review
####  Great game system!

This is a refurbished unit. So I had my doubts. So far so good. Unit does look
brand new though. Works flawlessly. Peripherals are brand new. Controllers are
not motion plus. So you can't play some games without them. Games and
controllers are plentiful on eBay. Cheap too. For the money, you can't beat it.
Any issues come up in the future. I will report in another review. This is a
refurbished unit. So I had my doubts. So far so good. Unit does look brand new
though. Works flawlessly. Peripherals are brand new. Controllers are not motion
plus. So you can't play some games without them. Games and controllers are
plentiful on eBay. Cheap too. For the money, you can't beat it. Any issues come
up in the future. I will report in another review.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: RefurbishedSold by: loothive

  * Jan 05, 2021Top critical review
#### Good product just can’t connect to WiFi or any new TVs

Since the Wii is so old/retro you have to have RCA hookup the 3 colored cords ,
well nowadays most ppl have smart TVs that don’t come with RCA hookup . Also you
cannot connect your Wii to your wifi because it’s so old it just doesn’t work .
Overall good gameplay . Since the Wii is so old/retro you have to have RCA
hookup the 3 colored cords , well nowadays most ppl have smart TVs that don’t
come with RCA hookup . Also you cannot connect your Wii to your wifi because
it’s so old it just doesn’t work . Overall good gameplay .

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-Owned

  * Jun 14, 2019
#### Great Product as of June 14, 2019

I was scared that it would be a one star, I was wrong. This product is a great
purchase for the price. Minor scratches and scuffs, as well as some dirt, but
it’s not a big deal given the price. Just clean the Wii as you see fit. There is
no dust! Buy some accessories however if you want to preserve the wii and
remotes in the condition they’re in when you get it. Also I recommend putting in
a disc that you wouldn’t mind losing when you first turn the Wii on. Just to be
on the safe side. Mine works great, some micro-scratches on the disk from
playing for a while (Like an hour and a half) but it’s probably because I had
the Wii in the upright position. It’s nothing to worry about the, games I played
still work totally fine. I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT THERE ARE NO SCAMS HERE!!!! I
give this ... Read moreI was scared that it would be a one star, I was wrong.
This product is a great purchase for the price. Minor scratches and scuffs, as
well as some dirt, but it’s not a big deal given the price. Just clean the Wii
as you see fit. There is no dust! Buy some accessories however if you want to
preserve the wii and remotes in the condition they’re in when you get it. Also I
recommend putting in a disc that you wouldn’t mind losing when you first turn
the Wii on. Just to be on the safe side. Mine works great, some micro-scratches
on the disk from playing for a while (Like an hour and a half) but it’s probably
because I had the Wii in the upright position. It’s nothing to worry about the,
games I played still work totally fine. I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT THERE ARE NO
SCAMS HERE!!!! I give this device a 7/10 with a 10 being an unopened Wii. I also
give this device a 9/10 for functionality. It turns on, it runs games, and it
works like a brand new Wii, with only small signs of aging that you won’t notice
unless you have OCD. I was thinking about posting photos, but it’s honestly not
necessary, it’s that good. GOOD PRODUCT!!!!Read Less

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-OwnedSold by: decluttr_store

  * Jul 15, 2019
#### 2 minor issues, but overall a really good deal!

I received everything that was listed, but had issues with the AV cable.
Luckily, I had to get a Wii2HDMI anyway, so that problem was quickly resolved,
but I also found that the MARIO kart disc would fail a few minutes after
startup. Aside from those two issues, everything else has worked so far!I
received everything that was listed, but had issues with the AV cable. Luckily,
I had to get a Wii2HDMI anyway, so that problem was quickly resolved, but I also
found that the MARIO kart disc would fail a few minutes after startup. Aside
from those two issues, everything else has worked so far!

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-OwnedSold by: secondchancegaming

  * Aug 22, 2019
#### Works amazing

I'm soooo glad I took the risk to buy this wii, I was a little worried it may
not work because it was so cheap but it works like new. The kids and us are
having so much great family time. We didn't go anywhere for this summer and we
are having the time of our life in our living room. I had a baby about 3 months
ago, now im getting some workout done thanks to the wii console , im feeling
great and loosing weight too. Thank you so much, I highly recommend this
productI'm soooo glad I took the risk to buy this wii, I was a little worried it
may not work because it was so cheap but it works like new. The kids and us are
having so much great family time. We didn't go anywhere for this summer and we
are having the time of our life in our living room. I had a baby about 3 months
ago, now im getting some workout done thanks to the wii console , im feeling
great and loosing weight too. Thank you so much, I highly recommend this product

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-OwnedSold by: elmpawn1808

Back to home page|See More Details about"Nintendo Wii 512GB Console -
White"Return to top

## More to explore :

  * Nintendo Wii Video Game Consoles,
  * Nintendo Wii Consoles & Video Games,
  * Nintendo Wii with Controller Video Game Accessory Bundles,
  * Nintendo Wii - Original Video Game Accessory Bundles,
  * Nintendo Wii Video Game Accessory Bundles with Batteries,
  * Nintendo Wii mini Video Game Consoles,
  * Nintendo Wii Black Video Game Consoles,
  * Nintendo Wii Red Video Game Consoles,
  * Nintendo Wii Blue Video Game Consoles,
  * Nintendo Wii White Video Game Consoles

## Shop Top Sellers and Highly Rated Products in Video Game Consoles

### Best Sellers

  * Microsoft Xbox Series X 1TB Video Game Console - Black
  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 512GB Video Game Console - White
  * Nintendo Switch (OLED Model) HEG-001 Splatoon 3 Edition Video Game Console - 64GB - Black/Blue/Yellow Gradient
  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon Blue
  * Nintendo 2DS XL Handheld Console with Mario Kart 7 Bundle - Black/Turquoise

### Top Rated

  * Microsoft Xbox Series X 1TB Video Game Console - Black
  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 512GB Video Game Console - White
  * Nintendo 2DS XL Handheld Console with Mario Kart 7 Bundle - Black/Turquoise
  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon Blue
  * Nintendo Switch (OLED Model) HEG-001 Splatoon 3 Edition Video Game Console - 64GB - Black/Blue/Yellow Gradient

## Related Searches

  * Nintendo Wii Bundle New
  * Wii Console with Controller
  * Red Wii Console Bundle
  * Nintendo Wii Consoles New

##

About this seller

## Loot Hive

#### 99.3% positive feedback•1.5M items sold

Joined Jan 1998

eBay seller for over 25 years! We're a small company offering a massive
selection of new, used, and refurbished consumer products at deep discounts,
which includes Video Game Consoles, Games & ... See moreeBay seller for over 25
years! We're a small company offering a massive selection of new, used, and
refurbished consumer products at deep discounts, which includes Video Game
Consoles, Games & Accessories, Toys & Collectibles, Trading Cards & Supplies,
Cell Phones & Mobile Devices, GPS, Watches, Household Goods and more!Owned and
operated by ZKarlo, inc8933 Lyndale Ave S.Bloomington, MN 55420See less

Visit storeContact

Save seller

###  Detailed seller ratings

Average for the last 12 months

Accurate description

4.9

Reasonable shipping cost

5.0

Shipping speed

5.0

Communication

5.0

### Popular categories from this store

See allcategories

## Seller feedback (499,377)

This item (360)

All items (499,377)

Filter:All ratings

All ratings

Positive

Neutral

Negative

  * 3***1 (42)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Excellent Condition and service. Worked as described. All accessories in
excellent condition. Be aware that controllers aren't equipped with motion sense
so buyers must purchase additional items like the motion plus adapter sensors
(if you want to play Wii sports resort etc.) and an HDMI to RCA Cable (or a Wii
to HDMI converter) if you intend to play on a modern TV that doesn't have a
red/white/yellow cable connector. Overall, great buy and I would still
recommend.

  * 8***8 (5)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Received order on time. Games console worked great and in great condition for a
20 year old system. Affordable. I would buy from here again.

  * t***a (65)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Just like the one I used to have! Everything works great and arrived quickly in
perfect condition. Fantastic value for the price.

  * 9***m (1279)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Arrived quickly and everything works as described/ Looks brand new. Grandkids
very happy.

  * l***e (243)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Most well packaged item I have ever seen. It was so well packed and
professionally done. Super clean console and everything else was new third party
accessories. Everything works great and super happy to have bought it. Will buy
from again.

  * n***n (1)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Arrived quickly and in great shape. Works great Ty!

  * j***j (1364)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

The Wii arrived in perfect working condition and I got it all setup for my
gaming needs, very satisfied with my purchase, A+++++++++++++++++

  * i***a (9)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

This seller does indeed clean and quality control their merchandise. Thank
you!!!

See all feedback

Filter:All ratings

All ratings

Positive

Neutral

Negative

  * e***j (128)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Great seller! Awesome experience working with this seller. I was very impressed
with the quality & condition of the item when it arrived. It was well packaged &
protected, so the item did not get damaged from shipping. The item looked just
like it did in pictures showed in the listing. It was a good value purchase &
shipping costs were reasonable. Great communication! So if you want a good
buying experience, this is the right place! I will definitely be back for more
in the future. Thanks again!

1986 Garbage Pail Kids OS1 Series 1 UK Adam Bomb 8a Sticker Card PSA 9 MINT GPK
(#364892899904)

  * 6***n (1027)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

☆☆☆☆☆ Quality, condition and appearance just as described, at a decent price!
Packaged very well and shipped/received within a couple of days. Great seller!

NEW Hot Wheels Premium Car Culture Canyon Warriors '73 VOLVO 142 GL 1:64 Car
(#335055350836)

  * j***c (159)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

This is my second purchase from Loot Hive, and I’ve been really happy. Items
have consistently arrived clean, well packaged, and as described. The microphone
had an unexpected manufacturing defect that prevented it from being plugged into
the gaming console. The seller was quickly responsive with a working replacement
and paid for return shipping. Highly recommend Loot Hive for your gaming needs!

Genuine Rock Band 1 2 3 4 USB MICROPHONE for PS3 / Wii / Xbox 360 / PS2 Mic RB
(#365117184213)

  * 9***9 (45)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

I was pleased to receive the PRINCESS LEIA Bespin 3.75" Figure. It was shipped
fast and was in good condition. The packaging was in great condition and shipped
to protect from damage. The appearance was as advertised. The quality is good
and adds value to my Star Wars figure collection. I would buy from this seller
again. Thank you for the great service.

NEW Hasbro Star Wars Vintage Collection PRINCESS LEIA Bespin Escape 3.75" Figure
(#404022439555)

  * y***y (71)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Item shipped quickly, nicely packaged and as described. In fact, it exceeded my
expectations. The system and controller arrived spotlessly clean, not even a
smudge - and both look amazing. Everything works perfectly and appreciated the
set up instructions and brand new cables included. Considering the price, a
great deal for such an old system. Great transaction, A+++ seller.

Microsoft XBox 360 E System BLACK Video Game Console 250GB Wireless Bundle 360E
(#364184910623)

  * *****- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Seller was very friendly! I had put the wrong address at first when making the
purchase originally, but they had refunded me and I was able to buy the item
shortly after with the correct address :) The item IS as described - fully
packaged and very nice. The stylus fits my 3DS XL which is so lovely as my old
one was starting to scratch the screen. and the shipping seemed really fast!
Thank you!

  * r***r (330)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

The band arrived quickly and was well packed. Price was affordable and it is
exactly as described. New in package and cannot wait to open it and am very
excited to use it. Happy that it is an Apple Watch band and therefore will be
great quality. Excellent transaction. Thank you very much.

NEW Nike 44mm Sport Band Hasta/Light Silver for Apple Watch Nike+ MJ6K3AM/A
(#363817353808)

  * j***8 (431)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Great seller! Excellent communication. Accurate description, accurate photos,
packed carefully, shipped and arrived quickly. What buyers hope for! You can
trust this seller.

2023 Topps Garbage Pail Kids InterGOOlactic Mayhem SPACE FARCE Insert 10 CardSet
(#335513977581)

See all feedback

View official PSA data on eBay.

