Back to home page

|Listed in category:

Share

## People who viewed this item also viewed

  * ### Original Nintendo Entertainment System Console Bundle Controllers & 7 Games
Private

$172.65

+ US $103.59 shipping
  * ### Original Nintendo NES Console. All New Caps, POLISHED 72 Pin. Yellowed/scratched
Business

$118.99

previous priceUS $139.99

+ US $126.74 shipping
Sponsored

  * ### nintendo nes console original bundle Acceptable + Games . Read Description
Private

$127.50

+ US $166.67 shipping
  * ### Nintendo Entertainment System NES Console and Controller - Gray (NES-001)
Private

$25.00

+ US $87.00 shipping
  * ### Original Nintendo NES Console. All New Caps, POLISHED 72 Pin, Great Condition!
Business

$140.24

previous priceUS $164.99

+ US $127.36 shipping

(0) Detail(s) of 5 selectedApply

Learn about the sellerClick here to view a seller’s feedback and more.

## Picture 1 of 3

In 207 carts

3.2K

## Gallery

## Picture 1 of 3

# ORIGINAL Nintendo Entertainment System Video Game Bundle Set Kit NES Console
OG

Loot Hive

  * (483696)

  * 99.3% positive
  * Seller's other itemsSeller's other items

US $179.95

Condition:

Very Good - RefurbishedVery Good - Refurbished

More information - About this item condition

“Comes with brand new aftermarket accessories! System has been tested and is in
good working order.”

## Very Good - Refurbished

The item shows minimal wear and is backed by a one year warranty. It is fully
functional and has been professionally refurbished, inspected and cleaned to
very good condition by qualified sellers. The item includes original or new
accessories and will come in new generic packaging. See the seller's listing for
full details.

Quantity:

4 available810 sold

  * Buy It Now
ORIGINAL Nintendo Entertainment System Video Game Bundle Set Kit NES Console OG

  *   * 

## Oops! Looks like we're having trouble connecting to our server.

Refresh your browser window to try again.

Refresh Browser

People want this. 3152 people are watching this.

This one's trending. 810 have already sold.

Shipping:

US $118.71eBay International Shipping

Shop worldwide with confidence including detailed tracking and hassle-free
returns.Learn more

. See detailsfor shipping

Located in: Minneapolis, MN, United States

Authorities may apply duties, fees, and taxes upon delivery

You may owe duties and fees upon delivery

Customs authorities may apply duties, customs fees, and taxes when your order
arrives. Your local authority will be in touch if there’s anything you owe.

What are import charges?

Import charges includes duties, processing fees, and taxes on imports.

Duties are a type of tax collected on imports by a country's customs
authorities. Usually, the duties vary depending on the item and its value. In
different countries, this tax may be called a customs duty, import duty, or
tariff.

Carriers and customs authorities may charge additional processing fees.

Delivery:

Estimated between Wed, May 14 and Wed, Jun 4 to 34096

Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's
handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and
will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared paymentcleared
payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially
during peak periods.

Please note the delivery estimate is greater than 27 business days.

Seller ships within 1 day after receiving cleared payment.

Returns:

30 days returns. Buyer pays for return shipping. If you use an eBay shipping
label, it will be deducted from your refund amount. See details- for more
information about returns

Payments:

Diners Club

## Shop with confidence

Top Rated Plus

Top rated seller, fast shipping, and free returns.Learn more- Top Rated Plus -
opens in a new window or tab

eBay Money Back Guarantee

Get the item you ordered or your money back.Learn moreeBay Money Back Guarantee
- opens new window or tab

Report this itemReport this item - opens in new window or tab

About this item

Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.

eBay item number:334516818286

Last updated on Mar 21, 2025 06:11:33 PDTView all revisionsView all revisions

## Item specifics

Condition

    
Very Good - Refurbished

The item shows minimal wear and is backed by a one year warranty. It is fully
functional and has been professionally refurbished, inspected and cleaned to
very good condition by qualified sellers. The item includes original or new
accessories and will come in new generic packaging. See the seller's listing for
full details. See all condition definitionsopens in a new window or tab

Seller Notes

    
“Comes with brand new aftermarket accessories! System has been tested and is in
good working order.”

Connectivity

    
Composite RCA

Product Name

    
Nintendo Entertainment System

Year Manufactured

    
1985

Storage Capacity

    
0011152403427

Brand

    
Nintendo

Type

    
Home Console

Region Code

    
NTSC

Platform

    
Nintendo NES

Color

    
Gray

Model

    
Nintendo Entertainment System  
RR524765

## About this product

## Product Information

You can go back in time to the roots of video games with the Nintendo
Entertainment System Deluxe gray console. This classic Nintendo is a legend from
the 1980s. This NES system can make gaming simple and fun for all ages. If you
are looking for the perfect retro gift for your kids or someone young at heart,
this system could be the perfect choice. You can let NES bring the original
video game experience to your family. You can turn on the NES and let your kids
enjoy "Super Mario Bros" for the first time. Mario and Luigi can jump right into
their hearts. You can also introduce them to Mega Man, the legend that led to
over 50 games spanning almost 30 years. You can watch their joy as they see
Donkey Kong and his barrel bashing, or return to the roots of role-playing games
with "Final Fantasy." If you prefer traditional fighting games, you can try
"Double Dragon." You can test your survival skills with "Ice Climber." You can
reminisce about mall arcades with NES games like "Bubble Bobble" or "Tecmo
Bowl." These classic Nintendo games are only available on NES, which uses 8 bit
graphics to depict your favorite characters completing goals or winning points.
The system comes with 2 kB of RAM, which may be expanded with a console specific
cartridge, as well as 256 bytes of OAM. The processing power of this console
lets up to 64 sprites from your favorite game be displayed at once. Setting up
your Nintendo console can be easy with no complicated accessories needed. You
can connect your NES console to your television using a A/V or RCA cable. You
can insert your game cartridge into the game slot, and start playing by
following the prompts on your screen using the controller. The Nintendo
controller has a simple look that complements the gray, black, and red system.
The classic four arrow navigational panel lets you easily move through the game.
The red "A" and "B" buttons are easy to use to control your character.

## Product Identifiers

Brand

Nintendo

RR524765

0011152403427

Model

Nintendo Entertainment System

eBay Product ID (ePID)

101801921

## Product Key Features

Platform

Nintendo NES

Region Code

NTSC

Color

Gray

Type

Home Console

## Additional Product Features

Edition

Deluxe

Console Color

Gray

Product Name

Nintendo Entertainment System

Product Line

Nintendo Entertainment System

## Item description from the seller

About this seller

## Loot Hive

#### 99.3% positive feedback•1.5M items sold

Joined Jan 1998

eBay seller for over 25 years! We're a small company offering a massive
selection of new, used, and refurbished consumer products at deep discounts,
which includes Video Game Consoles, Games & ... See moreeBay seller for over 25
years! We're a small company offering a massive selection of new, used, and
refurbished consumer products at deep discounts, which includes Video Game
Consoles, Games & Accessories, Toys & Collectibles, Trading Cards & Supplies,
Cell Phones & Mobile Devices, GPS, Watches, Household Goods and more!Owned and
operated by ZKarlo, inc8933 Lyndale Ave S.Bloomington, MN 55420See less

Visit storeContact

Save seller

###  Detailed seller ratings

Average for the last 12 months

Accurate description

4.9

Reasonable shipping cost

5.0

Shipping speed

5.0

Communication

5.0

### Popular categories from this store

See allcategories

## Seller feedback (499,377)

This item (125)

All items (499,377)

Filter:All ratings

All ratings

Positive

Neutral

Negative

  * y***a (238)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

works great product as described fast shipping will deal with again A+

  * r***k (604)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Arrived yesterday. Very nice entertainment system. At least our son will be able
to play his games again. Thank you.

  * 9***y (165)- Feedback left by buyer.
More than a year ago

Verified purchase

System had some yellowing and scratches haven’t played it to be sure it works .
But over all seems to be a good system didn’t come with original power plug or
original controller or original A/V cables. But maybe these cables will work we
will see I expected better if the system was refurbished by eBay.

  * c***k (261)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Item as described works as it should great seller fast shipping would buy from
again

  * 7***u (20)- Feedback left by buyer.
More than a year ago

Verified purchase

The seller was great! Arrived fast!! AND to know the system is certified
refurbished with warranty helps me game retro with peace of mind! AND, OMG - To
gear the original Zelda opening theme song, in its original form, coming from
the original system that I once played with as a small child instantly brought
back all the magic!!! Thank you SO much for refurbishing this system!!!

  * t***t (12)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

it works fine

  * p***i (46)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past year

Verified purchase

One controller does not work. I will work that out with the seller. Game console
works well. I think this was a good purchase from a good seller. I’d recommend.

  * e***r (49)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

This seller went above and beyond to make sure I was happy. We purchased an
original Nintendo for Christmas and it arrived cracked due to shipping. James
sent back not only one but two units to make sure I received one in the best
condition. They stayed in contact the whole time, paid for shipping, and did
everything fast. They even hand picked the unit from the warehouse and showed me
the condition before shipping to make sure I would be satisfied. A++ seller

See all feedback

Filter:All ratings

All ratings

Positive

Neutral

Negative

  * e***j (128)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Great seller! Awesome experience working with this seller. I was very impressed
with the quality & condition of the item when it arrived. It was well packaged &
protected, so the item did not get damaged from shipping. The item looked just
like it did in pictures showed in the listing. It was a good value purchase &
shipping costs were reasonable. Great communication! So if you want a good
buying experience, this is the right place! I will definitely be back for more
in the future. Thanks again!

1986 Garbage Pail Kids OS1 Series 1 UK Adam Bomb 8a Sticker Card PSA 9 MINT GPK
(#364892899904)

  * 6***n (1027)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

☆☆☆☆☆ Quality, condition and appearance just as described, at a decent price!
Packaged very well and shipped/received within a couple of days. Great seller!

NEW Hot Wheels Premium Car Culture Canyon Warriors '73 VOLVO 142 GL 1:64 Car
(#335055350836)

  * j***c (159)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

This is my second purchase from Loot Hive, and I’ve been really happy. Items
have consistently arrived clean, well packaged, and as described. The microphone
had an unexpected manufacturing defect that prevented it from being plugged into
the gaming console. The seller was quickly responsive with a working replacement
and paid for return shipping. Highly recommend Loot Hive for your gaming needs!

Genuine Rock Band 1 2 3 4 USB MICROPHONE for PS3 / Wii / Xbox 360 / PS2 Mic RB
(#365117184213)

  * 9***9 (45)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

I was pleased to receive the PRINCESS LEIA Bespin 3.75" Figure. It was shipped
fast and was in good condition. The packaging was in great condition and shipped
to protect from damage. The appearance was as advertised. The quality is good
and adds value to my Star Wars figure collection. I would buy from this seller
again. Thank you for the great service.

NEW Hasbro Star Wars Vintage Collection PRINCESS LEIA Bespin Escape 3.75" Figure
(#404022439555)

  * y***y (71)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Item shipped quickly, nicely packaged and as described. In fact, it exceeded my
expectations. The system and controller arrived spotlessly clean, not even a
smudge - and both look amazing. Everything works perfectly and appreciated the
set up instructions and brand new cables included. Considering the price, a
great deal for such an old system. Great transaction, A+++ seller.

Microsoft XBox 360 E System BLACK Video Game Console 250GB Wireless Bundle 360E
(#364184910623)

  * *****- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Seller was very friendly! I had put the wrong address at first when making the
purchase originally, but they had refunded me and I was able to buy the item
shortly after with the correct address :) The item IS as described - fully
packaged and very nice. The stylus fits my 3DS XL which is so lovely as my old
one was starting to scratch the screen. and the shipping seemed really fast!
Thank you!

  * r***r (330)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

The band arrived quickly and was well packed. Price was affordable and it is
exactly as described. New in package and cannot wait to open it and am very
excited to use it. Happy that it is an Apple Watch band and therefore will be
great quality. Excellent transaction. Thank you very much.

NEW Nike 44mm Sport Band Hasta/Light Silver for Apple Watch Nike+ MJ6K3AM/A
(#363817353808)

  * j***8 (431)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Great seller! Excellent communication. Accurate description, accurate photos,
packed carefully, shipped and arrived quickly. What buyers hope for! You can
trust this seller.

2023 Topps Garbage Pail Kids InterGOOlactic Mayhem SPACE FARCE Insert 10 CardSet
(#335513977581)

See all feedback

## Product ratings and reviews

606 product ratings

  *  _476 users rated this 5 out of 5 stars_
476

  *  _75 users rated this 4 out of 5 stars_
  *  _19 users rated this 3 out of 5 stars_
  *  _7 users rated this 2 out of 5 stars_
  *  _29 users rated this 1 out of 5 stars_

Good graphics

Fun

Good value

### Most relevant reviews

  * Jan 15, 2022Top favorable review
#### Best Purchase - Best Seller - Grateful Father

Product was opened Christmas morning by my 6 and 9 year old daughters. They went
ballistic, having played the NES at a family friends house, and immediately
recalled the joy and elation they (and I) felt after beating Suler Mario Bro's
level 1. All the hook ups were perfect. Well packaged, brand new, and the power
voltage was the correct one. Went to play the 1st game blue screen or blinking
light. After some research turns out the games can have dirty leads which means
the dirt from the game can keep the game from playing & no amount the old blow
on the cartridge trick was going to suffice. I emailed. I was in from overseas
and well out of return range. Alex, not 20 minutes later emailed me back,
Christmas morning with a heartfelt apology and some suggestions to get me back
into ... Read moreProduct was opened Christmas morning by my 6 and 9 year old
daughters. They went ballistic, having played the NES at a family friends house,
and immediately recalled the joy and elation they (and I) felt after beating
Suler Mario Bro's level 1. All the hook ups were perfect. Well packaged, brand
new, and the power voltage was the correct one. Went to play the 1st game blue
screen or blinking light. After some research turns out the games can have dirty
leads which means the dirt from the game can keep the game from playing & no
amount the old blow on the cartridge trick was going to suffice. I emailed. I
was in from overseas and well out of return range. Alex, not 20 minutes later
emailed me back, Christmas morning with a heartfelt apology and some suggestions
to get me back into glory days. If that didn't work, the time issue would not be
a problem, theybwould make it right. Following the instructions on cleaning the
leads on the games, I was back in action and my kids and I have spent hours
obliterating Glass Joe, Tetris, and Super Mario Bro's. Had I purchased from any
other big box retailer, I'd still be lost in phone support. It works as
described, designed, and promised. I'm grateful for the outstanding customer
service and product. Now I know: make sure the games are cleaned properly before
using them. The product is 35 years old, but it appears and functions as though
I pulled it off the shelf 35 years ago from ToyRus. Great Purchase. Forever
grateful. Read Less

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-OwnedSold by: loothive

  * Dec 31, 2024Top critical review
#### Console doesn’t work. The screen keeps f...

Console doesn’t work. The screen keeps flashing colors and won’t load the game.
The inside is also very small, making it very difficult to get the game out. One
of the controllers is also defective. Will not work on any port. I won’t not
recommend buying this. It is not refurbished. Console doesn’t work. The screen
keeps flashing colors and won’t load the game. The inside is also very small,
making it very difficult to get the game out. One of the controllers is also
defective. Will not work on any port. I won’t not recommend buying this. It is
not refurbished.

Verified purchase: YesSold by: loothive

  * by SyO5yoeVRPS@Deleted
Apr 05, 2016

#### The Original NES. A (sometimes testy) classic

Classic system, classic fun. Those games you had fun with as a kid? They're
still fun... no nostalgia required. The system has that great feeling of
simplicity. It can still be testy when it comes to playing dirty games and the
connector usually needs to be cleaned. Luckily, the internet is a gold mine for
learning the proper way to clean the games and system. It's very rewarding to
take the NES apart and clean it to get it working again. The NES is built very
well, and one good cleaning will keep it working for many years. No special
tools, skills, or deep breaths are required... (if you didn't know, don't blow
on the cartridges anymore.) Pick one up, to re-live old memories or to make new
ones. You won't be disappointed. Classic system, classic fun. Those games you
had fun with as a kid? They're still fun... no nostalgia required. The system
has that great feeling of simplicity. It can still be testy when it comes to
playing dirty games and the connector usually needs to be cleaned. Luckily, the
internet is a gold mine for learning the proper way to clean the games and
system. It's very rewarding to take the NES apart and clean it to get it working
again. The NES is built very well, and one good cleaning will keep it working
for many years. No special tools, skills, or deep breaths are required... (if
you didn't know, don't blow on the cartridges anymore.) Pick one up, to re-live
old memories or to make new ones. You won't be disappointed.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-OwnedSold by: thestoragegambleryoutube

  * Feb 16, 2017
#### Excellent Nintendo Game Console

Great Nintendo Game Console.....this took me back to thirty years ago when the
NES first came out. I've been having fun playing the old Nintendo games I played
as a youngster. I give it a 4 star review!Great Nintendo Game Console.....this
took me back to thirty years ago when the NES first came out. I've been having
fun playing the old Nintendo games I played as a youngster. I give it a 4 star
review!

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-OwnedSold by: amydave4un

  * by 8LzpGdUDSJy@Deleted
Sep 19, 2018

#### Works great but has a tight cartridge fit

The system came undamaged and it plays the game I have but with some struggling.
The cartrage is extremely tight and is so hard to get out that my hand is raw
after taking it out. I did research online and apparently it’s because it is a
new 72 pin. It hooks up to the tv alright and looks best on a crt tv like
suspected. All around it looks great and plays the games. Controllers down input
is not working properly but it can be hard to even find a working controller so
I’m not complaining. All in all I can recommend it to a collector and it will
play all your games.The system came undamaged and it plays the game I have but
with some struggling. The cartrage is extremely tight and is so hard to get out
that my hand is raw after taking it out. I did research online and apparently
it’s because it is a new 72 pin. It hooks up to the tv alright and looks best on
a crt tv like suspected. All around it looks great and plays the games.
Controllers down input is not working properly but it can be hard to even find a
working controller so I’m not complaining. All in all I can recommend it to a
collector and it will play all your games.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-OwnedSold by: lukiegames

Back to home page|See More Details about"Nintendo Entertainment System Home
Console - Gray"Return to top

## More to explore :

  * Nintendo NES Video Game Consoles,
  * Nintendo NES - Original Video Games and Consoles,
  * Nintendo NES Video Games and Consoles,
  * Genesis - Original Nintendo NES Video Games and Consoles,
  * NES - Original Nintendo 64 Video Games and Consoles,
  * Nintendo NES Origin Video Games,
  * Nintendo NES Video Game Home Consoles,
  * Sharp Nintendo NES Video Game Consoles,
  * Nintendo NES Classic Edition Video Game Consoles,
  * Nintendo NES Video Games

## Shop Top Sellers and Highly Rated Products in Video Game Consoles

### Best Sellers

  * Microsoft Xbox Series X 1TB Video Game Console - Black
  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 512GB Video Game Console - White
  * Nintendo Switch (OLED Model) HEG-001 Splatoon 3 Edition Video Game Console - 64GB - Black/Blue/Yellow Gradient
  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon Blue
  * Nintendo 2DS XL Handheld Console with Mario Kart 7 Bundle - Black/Turquoise

### Top Rated

  * Microsoft Xbox Series X 1TB Video Game Console - Black
  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 512GB Video Game Console - White
  * Nintendo 2DS XL Handheld Console with Mario Kart 7 Bundle - Black/Turquoise
  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon Blue
  * Nintendo Switch (OLED Model) HEG-001 Splatoon 3 Edition Video Game Console - 64GB - Black/Blue/Yellow Gradient

## Related Searches

  * Original Nintendo with Games
  * Entertainment System Nintendo
  * Nes Console Action Set
  * Nintendo Game System Original
  * Nintendo Nes 001 Console

##

About this seller

## Loot Hive

#### 99.3% positive feedback•1.5M items sold

Joined Jan 1998

eBay seller for over 25 years! We're a small company offering a massive
selection of new, used, and refurbished consumer products at deep discounts,
which includes Video Game Consoles, Games & ... See moreeBay seller for over 25
years! We're a small company offering a massive selection of new, used, and
refurbished consumer products at deep discounts, which includes Video Game
Consoles, Games & Accessories, Toys & Collectibles, Trading Cards & Supplies,
Cell Phones & Mobile Devices, GPS, Watches, Household Goods and more!Owned and
operated by ZKarlo, inc8933 Lyndale Ave S.Bloomington, MN 55420See less

Visit storeContact

Save seller

###  Detailed seller ratings

Average for the last 12 months

Accurate description

4.9

Reasonable shipping cost

5.0

Shipping speed

5.0

Communication

5.0

### Popular categories from this store

See allcategories

## Seller feedback (499,377)

This item (125)

All items (499,377)

Filter:All ratings

All ratings

Positive

Neutral

Negative

  * y***a (238)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

works great product as described fast shipping will deal with again A+

  * r***k (604)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Arrived yesterday. Very nice entertainment system. At least our son will be able
to play his games again. Thank you.

  * 9***y (165)- Feedback left by buyer.
More than a year ago

Verified purchase

System had some yellowing and scratches haven’t played it to be sure it works .
But over all seems to be a good system didn’t come with original power plug or
original controller or original A/V cables. But maybe these cables will work we
will see I expected better if the system was refurbished by eBay.

  * c***k (261)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Item as described works as it should great seller fast shipping would buy from
again

  * 7***u (20)- Feedback left by buyer.
More than a year ago

Verified purchase

The seller was great! Arrived fast!! AND to know the system is certified
refurbished with warranty helps me game retro with peace of mind! AND, OMG - To
gear the original Zelda opening theme song, in its original form, coming from
the original system that I once played with as a small child instantly brought
back all the magic!!! Thank you SO much for refurbishing this system!!!

  * t***t (12)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

it works fine

  * p***i (46)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past year

Verified purchase

One controller does not work. I will work that out with the seller. Game console
works well. I think this was a good purchase from a good seller. I’d recommend.

  * e***r (49)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

This seller went above and beyond to make sure I was happy. We purchased an
original Nintendo for Christmas and it arrived cracked due to shipping. James
sent back not only one but two units to make sure I received one in the best
condition. They stayed in contact the whole time, paid for shipping, and did
everything fast. They even hand picked the unit from the warehouse and showed me
the condition before shipping to make sure I would be satisfied. A++ seller

See all feedback

Filter:All ratings

All ratings

Positive

Neutral

Negative

  * e***j (128)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Great seller! Awesome experience working with this seller. I was very impressed
with the quality & condition of the item when it arrived. It was well packaged &
protected, so the item did not get damaged from shipping. The item looked just
like it did in pictures showed in the listing. It was a good value purchase &
shipping costs were reasonable. Great communication! So if you want a good
buying experience, this is the right place! I will definitely be back for more
in the future. Thanks again!

1986 Garbage Pail Kids OS1 Series 1 UK Adam Bomb 8a Sticker Card PSA 9 MINT GPK
(#364892899904)

  * 6***n (1027)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

☆☆☆☆☆ Quality, condition and appearance just as described, at a decent price!
Packaged very well and shipped/received within a couple of days. Great seller!

NEW Hot Wheels Premium Car Culture Canyon Warriors '73 VOLVO 142 GL 1:64 Car
(#335055350836)

  * j***c (159)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

This is my second purchase from Loot Hive, and I’ve been really happy. Items
have consistently arrived clean, well packaged, and as described. The microphone
had an unexpected manufacturing defect that prevented it from being plugged into
the gaming console. The seller was quickly responsive with a working replacement
and paid for return shipping. Highly recommend Loot Hive for your gaming needs!

Genuine Rock Band 1 2 3 4 USB MICROPHONE for PS3 / Wii / Xbox 360 / PS2 Mic RB
(#365117184213)

  * 9***9 (45)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

I was pleased to receive the PRINCESS LEIA Bespin 3.75" Figure. It was shipped
fast and was in good condition. The packaging was in great condition and shipped
to protect from damage. The appearance was as advertised. The quality is good
and adds value to my Star Wars figure collection. I would buy from this seller
again. Thank you for the great service.

NEW Hasbro Star Wars Vintage Collection PRINCESS LEIA Bespin Escape 3.75" Figure
(#404022439555)

  * y***y (71)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Item shipped quickly, nicely packaged and as described. In fact, it exceeded my
expectations. The system and controller arrived spotlessly clean, not even a
smudge - and both look amazing. Everything works perfectly and appreciated the
set up instructions and brand new cables included. Considering the price, a
great deal for such an old system. Great transaction, A+++ seller.

Microsoft XBox 360 E System BLACK Video Game Console 250GB Wireless Bundle 360E
(#364184910623)

  * *****- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Seller was very friendly! I had put the wrong address at first when making the
purchase originally, but they had refunded me and I was able to buy the item
shortly after with the correct address :) The item IS as described - fully
packaged and very nice. The stylus fits my 3DS XL which is so lovely as my old
one was starting to scratch the screen. and the shipping seemed really fast!
Thank you!

  * r***r (330)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

The band arrived quickly and was well packed. Price was affordable and it is
exactly as described. New in package and cannot wait to open it and am very
excited to use it. Happy that it is an Apple Watch band and therefore will be
great quality. Excellent transaction. Thank you very much.

NEW Nike 44mm Sport Band Hasta/Light Silver for Apple Watch Nike+ MJ6K3AM/A
(#363817353808)

  * j***8 (431)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Great seller! Excellent communication. Accurate description, accurate photos,
packed carefully, shipped and arrived quickly. What buyers hope for! You can
trust this seller.

2023 Topps Garbage Pail Kids InterGOOlactic Mayhem SPACE FARCE Insert 10 CardSet
(#335513977581)

See all feedback

View official PSA data on eBay.

