Back to home page

|Listed in category:

Share

## People who viewed this item also viewed

  * ### Sony PS2 SLIM Game System Gaming Console with 2 WIRELESS CONTROLLERS PLAYSTATION
Business

$199.95

+ US $48.31 shipping
Sponsored

  * ### PlayStation 2 PS2 Slim SCPH-90001 Silver Console Games Controllers Cords Tested
Private

$95.00

+ US $51.20 shipping
  * ### SONY PLAYSTATION 2 PS2 SLIM CONSOLE CHARCOAL BLACK SCPH-79001 CB/97003 In Box
Private

$90.00

+ US $167.59 shipping
  * ### Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Ps2 Gaming System Bundle W Controllers, Memory, Cables
Private

$28.35

+ US $160.82 shipping
  * ### Sony PlayStation 2 PS2 Fat Console W/Controller READ DESC- TESTED & WORKS
Private

$78.99

+ US $148.25 shipping

(0) Detail(s) of 5 selectedApply

Learn about the sellerClick here to view a seller’s feedback and more.

## Picture 1 of 7

In 115 carts

1.3K

## Gallery

## Picture 1 of 7

# 2 WIRELESS CONTROLLERS Sony PS2 SLIM Game System Gaming Console PLAYSTATION-2

Loot Hive

  * (483696)

  * 99.3% positive
  * Seller's other itemsSeller's other items

US $199.95/ea

Condition:

Very Good - RefurbishedVery Good - Refurbished

More information - About this item condition

“System is refurbished to fully working order and comes with 2 wireless
controllers! Comes with ”... Read moreabout condition

## Very Good - Refurbished

The item shows minimal wear and is backed by a one year warranty. It is fully
functional and has been professionally refurbished, inspected and cleaned to
very good condition by qualified sellers. The item includes original or new
accessories and will come in new generic packaging. See the seller's listing for
full details.

Quantity:

11 available400 sold

  * Buy It Now
2 WIRELESS CONTROLLERS Sony PS2 SLIM Game System Gaming Console PLAYSTATION-2

  *   * 

## Oops! Looks like we're having trouble connecting to our server.

Refresh your browser window to try again.

Refresh Browser

People want this. 1274 people are watching this.

This one's trending. 400 have already sold.

Shipping:

US $103.54eBay International Shipping

Shop worldwide with confidence including detailed tracking and hassle-free
returns.Learn more

. See detailsfor shipping

Located in: Minneapolis, MN, United States

Authorities may apply duties, fees, and taxes upon delivery

You may owe duties and fees upon delivery

Customs authorities may apply duties, customs fees, and taxes when your order
arrives. Your local authority will be in touch if there’s anything you owe.

What are import charges?

Import charges includes duties, processing fees, and taxes on imports.

Duties are a type of tax collected on imports by a country's customs
authorities. Usually, the duties vary depending on the item and its value. In
different countries, this tax may be called a customs duty, import duty, or
tariff.

Carriers and customs authorities may charge additional processing fees.

Delivery:

Estimated between Wed, May 14 and Wed, Jun 4 to 34096

Estimated delivery dates - opens in a new window or tab include seller's
handling time, origin ZIP Code, destination ZIP Code and time of acceptance and
will depend on shipping service selected and receipt of cleared paymentcleared
payment - opens in a new window or tab. Delivery times may vary, especially
during peak periods.

Please note the delivery estimate is greater than 27 business days.

Seller ships within 1 day after receiving cleared payment.

Returns:

30 days returns. Buyer pays for return shipping. If you use an eBay shipping
label, it will be deducted from your refund amount. See details- for more
information about returns

Payments:

Diners Club

## Shop with confidence

Top Rated Plus

Top rated seller, fast shipping, and free returns.Learn more- Top Rated Plus -
opens in a new window or tab

eBay Money Back Guarantee

Get the item you ordered or your money back.Learn moreeBay Money Back Guarantee
- opens new window or tab

Report this itemReport this item - opens in new window or tab

About this item

Seller assumes all responsibility for this listing.

eBay item number:403804315030

Last updated on Mar 21, 2025 06:11:22 PDTView all revisionsView all revisions

## Item specifics

Condition

    
Very Good - Refurbished

The item shows minimal wear and is backed by a one year warranty. It is fully
functional and has been professionally refurbished, inspected and cleaned to
very good condition by qualified sellers. The item includes original or new
accessories and will come in new generic packaging. See the seller's listing for
full details. See all condition definitionsopens in a new window or tab

Seller Notes

    
“System is refurbished to fully working order and comes with 2 wireless
controllers! Comes with ... Read moreabout the seller notes“System is
refurbished to fully working order and comes with 2 wireless controllers! Comes
with everything to start playing today for you and a friend! Please note there
will be scuffing to the exterior of the system.”Read Lessabout the seller notes

Custom Bundle

Product Name

    
PlayStation 2 Mini

Model

    
Sony PlayStation 2 - Slim

Year Manufactured

    
2004

Storage Capacity

    
0 GB

Year of Manufacture

    
2004  
0000265215201

Brand

    
Sony

Type

    
Home Console

Region Code

    
NTSC-U/C (US/Canada)

Platform

    
Sony PlayStation 2

Color

    
Black

Connectivity

    
Component RCA  
SCPH-75001CB

Resolution

    
1080p (FHD)

## About this product

## Product Information

Sony Playstation 2 Slim, an upgraded version of the original Sony PS2, comes in
a handy 1.1 inch by 23 inch by 6 inch portable size that makes it even smaller
and lighter than a hardcover book. The Sony PlayStation 2 Slim includes a
massive library of more than 1,800 games spanning every genre. What’s more is
you can take the fun into the online world when you join multiplayer games for
free. With the Sony PlayStation 2 Slim’s built-in Ethernet and modem ports, you
can play select titles with your friends or challenge other players from halfway
across the world. The DUALSHOCK 2 analog controller is the software that offers
a intuitive gaming experience that brings you right to the center of the game.
Feel the explosions, punches, car bumps, and air crashes as all of these come
alive with the pressure sensitivity that’s built into the action button.
Enhanced mobility is also a plus with the analog thumbsticks. You won’t only see
but also feel the action. This gaming console’s system also comes with a built-
in CD/DVD player that lets you watch your favorite movies on DVD sans the bulky
player and stereo combination. Don’t forget that it also comes with the license
to listen to your favorite tunes from your CD collection. Bring out the compact
discs, and enjoy great audio in one compact system. Its Dolby Digital sound
gives you the ultimate surround sound system to further enhance the overall show
and audio experience. When it comes to mobility, there’s a way to store Sony
PlayStation 2 system games to a memory card. Copy and save game data from one
memory card to another, and have the option to delete it once you no longer need
it. The unit’s front panel features two memory card slots, two controller ports,
two ports for the USB hard drive, and power and disc-eject buttons. It also
features a dedicated infrared receiver that lets you control the gaming
console’s CD/DVD functions without losing one of the controller ports to an IR-
receiver dongle.

## Product Identifiers

Brand

Sony

SCPH-75001CB

GTIN

0000265215201, 0711719703709

0000265215201, 0711719703709

Model

PlayStation 2 - Slim

eBay Product ID (ePID)

112224524

## Product Key Features

Platform

Sony PlayStation 2

Region Code

NTSC-U/C (US/Canada)

Color

Black

Connectivity

Component RCA

Resolution

1080p (FHD)

Type

Home Console

## Dimensions

Weight

2lb.

Depth

Height

Width

## Additional Product Features

RAM Technology

RDRAM (Rambus)

Console Color

Charcoal Black

Mips R5900

Country Region

North America

Supported Media

DVD-ROM, CD-ROM

Edition

Launch Edition

Memory Capacity

RAM Capacity

32MB

Audio Output Support

Stereo

Power Source Types

Power Supply-Internal

Product Name

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim

Product Line

Sony Playstation

## Item description from the seller

About this seller

## Loot Hive

#### 99.3% positive feedback•1.5M items sold

Joined Jan 1998

eBay seller for over 25 years! We're a small company offering a massive
selection of new, used, and refurbished consumer products at deep discounts,
which includes Video Game Consoles, Games & ... See moreeBay seller for over 25
years! We're a small company offering a massive selection of new, used, and
refurbished consumer products at deep discounts, which includes Video Game
Consoles, Games & Accessories, Toys & Collectibles, Trading Cards & Supplies,
Cell Phones & Mobile Devices, GPS, Watches, Household Goods and more!Owned and
operated by ZKarlo, inc8933 Lyndale Ave S.Bloomington, MN 55420See less

Visit storeContact

Save seller

###  Detailed seller ratings

Average for the last 12 months

Accurate description

4.9

Reasonable shipping cost

5.0

Shipping speed

5.0

Communication

5.0

### Popular categories from this store

See allcategories

## Seller feedback (499,377)

This item (61)

All items (499,377)

Filter:All ratings

All ratings

Positive

Neutral

Negative

  * a***p (25)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Arrived safely & quickly! Was packaged well :) Item as described. Seems to be in
great condition for a refurbished item. My husband is very happy, thanks again!

  * s***t (113)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Everything works! Fast shipper! Would buy from again

  * 8***i (8)- Feedback left by buyer.
More than a year ago

Verified purchase

Received quicker than original estimated ship date, which was nice. Playstation
works great, with the exception of the eject button - it works, but its very
hard to press to open the disk tray. The controllers are a bit wonky (slow
response) but I can't expect too much for off-brand PS2 controllers. The
wireless connection works great and they disconnect after a few minutes of
inactivity to save battery. Note: the controllers do require two AAA batteries
each. Overall, I'm happy with my purchase

  * t***t (137)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past year

Verified purchase

I got a big ps2 instead of a ps2 slim im disappointed

  * g***i (198)- Feedback left by buyer.
More than a year ago

Verified purchase

Took the full week to arrive, the ps2 slim was refurbished back in Nov 2023 as
listed on the console. I tried to play a few discs that were like new and it
gave them a unremovable disc ring that made them worse. It would run one of the
games for a a few seconds but a lot of stalling, barely playable. This system
was clearly not refurbished and simply left to sit for a while. I ended up going
to a vintage game store and trading it in for a much better system. Buy local
and in person for consoles.

Reply from: loothive- Feedback replied by seller loothive.- Feedback replied by
seller loothive.

We're so sorry this happened! As we mentioned in our communications with you, we
would have been more than happy to help provide a resolution, but we understand
you've gone another route by trading it in. We're very sorry again for the
trouble that caused you & hope you'll give us another chance in the future.
Please reach out should you make another purchase from our store at any point
down the road!

  * u***a (339)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

As described and fast shipping. Thank you!

  * 5***p (220)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Good seller

  * n***5 (7)- Feedback left by buyer.
More than a year ago

Verified purchase

My husband and I are very happy with the system. It’s in great condition and it
arrived quickly.

See all feedback

Filter:All ratings

All ratings

Positive

Neutral

Negative

  * e***j (128)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Great seller! Awesome experience working with this seller. I was very impressed
with the quality & condition of the item when it arrived. It was well packaged &
protected, so the item did not get damaged from shipping. The item looked just
like it did in pictures showed in the listing. It was a good value purchase &
shipping costs were reasonable. Great communication! So if you want a good
buying experience, this is the right place! I will definitely be back for more
in the future. Thanks again!

1986 Garbage Pail Kids OS1 Series 1 UK Adam Bomb 8a Sticker Card PSA 9 MINT GPK
(#364892899904)

  * 6***n (1027)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

☆☆☆☆☆ Quality, condition and appearance just as described, at a decent price!
Packaged very well and shipped/received within a couple of days. Great seller!

NEW Hot Wheels Premium Car Culture Canyon Warriors '73 VOLVO 142 GL 1:64 Car
(#335055350836)

  * j***c (159)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

This is my second purchase from Loot Hive, and I’ve been really happy. Items
have consistently arrived clean, well packaged, and as described. The microphone
had an unexpected manufacturing defect that prevented it from being plugged into
the gaming console. The seller was quickly responsive with a working replacement
and paid for return shipping. Highly recommend Loot Hive for your gaming needs!

Genuine Rock Band 1 2 3 4 USB MICROPHONE for PS3 / Wii / Xbox 360 / PS2 Mic RB
(#365117184213)

  * 9***9 (45)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

I was pleased to receive the PRINCESS LEIA Bespin 3.75" Figure. It was shipped
fast and was in good condition. The packaging was in great condition and shipped
to protect from damage. The appearance was as advertised. The quality is good
and adds value to my Star Wars figure collection. I would buy from this seller
again. Thank you for the great service.

NEW Hasbro Star Wars Vintage Collection PRINCESS LEIA Bespin Escape 3.75" Figure
(#404022439555)

  * y***y (71)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Item shipped quickly, nicely packaged and as described. In fact, it exceeded my
expectations. The system and controller arrived spotlessly clean, not even a
smudge - and both look amazing. Everything works perfectly and appreciated the
set up instructions and brand new cables included. Considering the price, a
great deal for such an old system. Great transaction, A+++ seller.

Microsoft XBox 360 E System BLACK Video Game Console 250GB Wireless Bundle 360E
(#364184910623)

  * *****- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Seller was very friendly! I had put the wrong address at first when making the
purchase originally, but they had refunded me and I was able to buy the item
shortly after with the correct address :) The item IS as described - fully
packaged and very nice. The stylus fits my 3DS XL which is so lovely as my old
one was starting to scratch the screen. and the shipping seemed really fast!
Thank you!

  * r***r (330)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

The band arrived quickly and was well packed. Price was affordable and it is
exactly as described. New in package and cannot wait to open it and am very
excited to use it. Happy that it is an Apple Watch band and therefore will be
great quality. Excellent transaction. Thank you very much.

NEW Nike 44mm Sport Band Hasta/Light Silver for Apple Watch Nike+ MJ6K3AM/A
(#363817353808)

  * j***8 (431)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Great seller! Excellent communication. Accurate description, accurate photos,
packed carefully, shipped and arrived quickly. What buyers hope for! You can
trust this seller.

2023 Topps Garbage Pail Kids InterGOOlactic Mayhem SPACE FARCE Insert 10 CardSet
(#335513977581)

See all feedback

## Product ratings and reviews

442 product ratings

  *  _321 users rated this 5 out of 5 stars_
321

  *  _55 users rated this 4 out of 5 stars_
  *  _20 users rated this 3 out of 5 stars_
  *  _11 users rated this 2 out of 5 stars_
  *  _35 users rated this 1 out of 5 stars_

Good graphics

Fun

Good value

### Most relevant reviews

  * May 04, 2021Top favorable review
#### Great though some issue with power

Works great love to revisit some old classics. But the ps2 has a issue where it
wouldn’t detect the power cable. I even bought a replacement power adapter and
still have the same issue. I have to fiddle with the cable until I see that the
red light appears. Works great love to revisit some old classics. But the ps2
has a issue where it wouldn’t detect the power cable. I even bought a
replacement power adapter and still have the same issue. I have to fiddle with
the cable until I see that the red light appears.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-Owned

  * Sep 28, 2019Top critical review
#### Wont read the disc

Fresh out of the box I plug everything in and turn it on, great the power works
so far so good. I put in the game I've been dying to play again since 2014 and
it gives me a little trouble so i reset and it loads the game fine. Literally 12
hours later when i try to play the game the console refuses to read the disc it
just read the night prior!! The disc is fine and I even tried a different game
and it still wont read the disc. Fresh out of the box I plug everything in and
turn it on, great the power works so far so good. I put in the game I've been
dying to play again since 2014 and it gives me a little trouble so i reset and
it loads the game fine. Literally 12 hours later when i try to play the game the
console refuses to read the disc it just read the night prior!! The disc is fine
and I even tried a different game and it still wont read the disc.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-OwnedSold by: decluttr_store

  * Jul 11, 2016
#### Classic but great fun for some old games!

I bought a PS2 so I could get in touch with my childhood and play Kingdom Hearts
1 and 2. I have no regrets! The system works as it should and starts up pretty
quickly. I've been playing for hours with no problems. The system runs smoothly
and effortlessly. I'm glad I could get a good quality used one to work so well.
I bought a PS2 so I could get in touch with my childhood and play Kingdom Hearts
1 and 2. I have no regrets! The system works as it should and starts up pretty
quickly. I've been playing for hours with no problems. The system runs smoothly
and effortlessly. I'm glad I could get a good quality used one to work so well.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-OwnedSold by: best-goodz-online

  * Aug 06, 2019
#### If you regret letting go of your old PS2, buy a used one!

Regret letting go of that PS2 console all those years ago? If you are yearning
to relieve playing those classic Playstation 2 games then you should get a PS2
Slim Console and get back up and running. Used games are readily available and
cheap. Play all your old favorites like you did 15 years ago! Make sure the
model you get has a functioning DVD reader. If not, you will need to use
something like free MCBOOT to get your games on USB and run them from there. The
PS2 slim is quieter and more compact than the older PS2 fat and generally more
reliable than the older models.Regret letting go of that PS2 console all those
years ago? If you are yearning to relieve playing those classic Playstation 2
games then you should get a PS2 Slim Console and get back up and running. Used
games are readily available and cheap. Play all your old favorites like you did
15 years ago! Make sure the model you get has a functioning DVD reader. If not,
you will need to use something like free MCBOOT to get your games on USB and run
them from there. The PS2 slim is quieter and more compact than the older PS2 fat
and generally more reliable than the older models.

Verified purchase: YesSold by: thelittleboxstore

  * Jul 05, 2019
#### We will see

My Ps 2 slim cane super fast! And I was super stoked I set it up and went to
play. Sadly.... the ac power cord is only 5 v I have had to order the 8.5 v
adapter elsewhere and wait longer to see if that fixes the issue of where it
tries to turn on and immediately turns off. Hopefully that fixes the issue. The
power cord it came with isn’t it’s original and is too low a voltage so fingers
crossed this fixes the issue but I’m really sad because I was super excited to
play my old games and also some I had ordered in anticipation. I bought this to
replace my old stolen one :( So Sunday I will know if that was the issue or if
there is a bigger problem. Hopefully not because that would be an absolute
bummer. My Ps 2 slim cane super fast! And I was super stoked I set it up and
went to play. Sadly.... the ac power cord is only 5 v I have had to order the
8.5 v adapter elsewhere and wait longer to see if that fixes the issue of where
it tries to turn on and immediately turns off. Hopefully that fixes the issue.
The power cord it came with isn’t it’s original and is too low a voltage so
fingers crossed this fixes the issue but I’m really sad because I was super
excited to play my old games and also some I had ordered in anticipation. I
bought this to replace my old stolen one :( So Sunday I will know if that was
the issue or if there is a bigger problem. Hopefully not because that would be
an absolute bummer.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-OwnedSold by: decluttr_store

Back to home page|See More Details about"Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition
Charcoal Black ..."Return to top

## More to explore :

  * Sony PlayStation 2 - Slim Video Game Consoles,
  * PlayStation 2 - Slim Sony PlayStation 2 Video Games and Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 2 - Slim Silver Video Game Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 2 - Slim Consoles & Video Games,
  * Sony PlayStation 2 - Slim Red Video Game Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 2 - Slim White Video Game Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 2 Video Game Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 2 Consoles & Video Games,
  * Sony PlayStation 2 - Slim Pink Consoles,
  * Sony PlayStation 2 Games

## Shop Top Sellers and Highly Rated Products in Video Game Consoles

### Best Sellers

  * Microsoft Xbox Series X 1TB Video Game Console - Black
  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 512GB Video Game Console - White
  * Nintendo Switch (OLED Model) HEG-001 Splatoon 3 Edition Video Game Console - 64GB - Black/Blue/Yellow Gradient
  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon Blue
  * Nintendo 2DS XL Handheld Console with Mario Kart 7 Bundle - Black/Turquoise

### Top Rated

  * Microsoft Xbox Series X 1TB Video Game Console - Black
  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 512GB Video Game Console - White
  * Nintendo 2DS XL Handheld Console with Mario Kart 7 Bundle - Black/Turquoise
  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon Blue
  * Nintendo Switch (OLED Model) HEG-001 Splatoon 3 Edition Video Game Console - 64GB - Black/Blue/Yellow Gradient

## Related Searches

  * Ps2 Console with Games
  * Sony PlayStation 2 Console
  * White PlayStation 2 Slim

##

About this seller

## Loot Hive

#### 99.3% positive feedback•1.5M items sold

Joined Jan 1998

eBay seller for over 25 years! We're a small company offering a massive
selection of new, used, and refurbished consumer products at deep discounts,
which includes Video Game Consoles, Games & ... See moreeBay seller for over 25
years! We're a small company offering a massive selection of new, used, and
refurbished consumer products at deep discounts, which includes Video Game
Consoles, Games & Accessories, Toys & Collectibles, Trading Cards & Supplies,
Cell Phones & Mobile Devices, GPS, Watches, Household Goods and more!Owned and
operated by ZKarlo, inc8933 Lyndale Ave S.Bloomington, MN 55420See less

Visit storeContact

Save seller

###  Detailed seller ratings

Average for the last 12 months

Accurate description

4.9

Reasonable shipping cost

5.0

Shipping speed

5.0

Communication

5.0

### Popular categories from this store

See allcategories

## Seller feedback (499,377)

This item (61)

All items (499,377)

Filter:All ratings

All ratings

Positive

Neutral

Negative

  * a***p (25)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Arrived safely & quickly! Was packaged well :) Item as described. Seems to be in
great condition for a refurbished item. My husband is very happy, thanks again!

  * s***t (113)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Everything works! Fast shipper! Would buy from again

  * 8***i (8)- Feedback left by buyer.
More than a year ago

Verified purchase

Received quicker than original estimated ship date, which was nice. Playstation
works great, with the exception of the eject button - it works, but its very
hard to press to open the disk tray. The controllers are a bit wonky (slow
response) but I can't expect too much for off-brand PS2 controllers. The
wireless connection works great and they disconnect after a few minutes of
inactivity to save battery. Note: the controllers do require two AAA batteries
each. Overall, I'm happy with my purchase

  * t***t (137)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past year

Verified purchase

I got a big ps2 instead of a ps2 slim im disappointed

  * g***i (198)- Feedback left by buyer.
More than a year ago

Verified purchase

Took the full week to arrive, the ps2 slim was refurbished back in Nov 2023 as
listed on the console. I tried to play a few discs that were like new and it
gave them a unremovable disc ring that made them worse. It would run one of the
games for a a few seconds but a lot of stalling, barely playable. This system
was clearly not refurbished and simply left to sit for a while. I ended up going
to a vintage game store and trading it in for a much better system. Buy local
and in person for consoles.

Reply from: loothive- Feedback replied by seller loothive.- Feedback replied by
seller loothive.

We're so sorry this happened! As we mentioned in our communications with you, we
would have been more than happy to help provide a resolution, but we understand
you've gone another route by trading it in. We're very sorry again for the
trouble that caused you & hope you'll give us another chance in the future.
Please reach out should you make another purchase from our store at any point
down the road!

  * u***a (339)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

As described and fast shipping. Thank you!

  * 5***p (220)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Good seller

  * n***5 (7)- Feedback left by buyer.
More than a year ago

Verified purchase

My husband and I are very happy with the system. It’s in great condition and it
arrived quickly.

See all feedback

Filter:All ratings

All ratings

Positive

Neutral

Negative

  * e***j (128)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Great seller! Awesome experience working with this seller. I was very impressed
with the quality & condition of the item when it arrived. It was well packaged &
protected, so the item did not get damaged from shipping. The item looked just
like it did in pictures showed in the listing. It was a good value purchase &
shipping costs were reasonable. Great communication! So if you want a good
buying experience, this is the right place! I will definitely be back for more
in the future. Thanks again!

1986 Garbage Pail Kids OS1 Series 1 UK Adam Bomb 8a Sticker Card PSA 9 MINT GPK
(#364892899904)

  * 6***n (1027)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

☆☆☆☆☆ Quality, condition and appearance just as described, at a decent price!
Packaged very well and shipped/received within a couple of days. Great seller!

NEW Hot Wheels Premium Car Culture Canyon Warriors '73 VOLVO 142 GL 1:64 Car
(#335055350836)

  * j***c (159)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

This is my second purchase from Loot Hive, and I’ve been really happy. Items
have consistently arrived clean, well packaged, and as described. The microphone
had an unexpected manufacturing defect that prevented it from being plugged into
the gaming console. The seller was quickly responsive with a working replacement
and paid for return shipping. Highly recommend Loot Hive for your gaming needs!

Genuine Rock Band 1 2 3 4 USB MICROPHONE for PS3 / Wii / Xbox 360 / PS2 Mic RB
(#365117184213)

  * 9***9 (45)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

I was pleased to receive the PRINCESS LEIA Bespin 3.75" Figure. It was shipped
fast and was in good condition. The packaging was in great condition and shipped
to protect from damage. The appearance was as advertised. The quality is good
and adds value to my Star Wars figure collection. I would buy from this seller
again. Thank you for the great service.

NEW Hasbro Star Wars Vintage Collection PRINCESS LEIA Bespin Escape 3.75" Figure
(#404022439555)

  * y***y (71)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

Item shipped quickly, nicely packaged and as described. In fact, it exceeded my
expectations. The system and controller arrived spotlessly clean, not even a
smudge - and both look amazing. Everything works perfectly and appreciated the
set up instructions and brand new cables included. Considering the price, a
great deal for such an old system. Great transaction, A+++ seller.

Microsoft XBox 360 E System BLACK Video Game Console 250GB Wireless Bundle 360E
(#364184910623)

  * *****- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Seller was very friendly! I had put the wrong address at first when making the
purchase originally, but they had refunded me and I was able to buy the item
shortly after with the correct address :) The item IS as described - fully
packaged and very nice. The stylus fits my 3DS XL which is so lovely as my old
one was starting to scratch the screen. and the shipping seemed really fast!
Thank you!

  * r***r (330)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past month

Verified purchase

The band arrived quickly and was well packed. Price was affordable and it is
exactly as described. New in package and cannot wait to open it and am very
excited to use it. Happy that it is an Apple Watch band and therefore will be
great quality. Excellent transaction. Thank you very much.

NEW Nike 44mm Sport Band Hasta/Light Silver for Apple Watch Nike+ MJ6K3AM/A
(#363817353808)

  * j***8 (431)- Feedback left by buyer.
Past 6 months

Verified purchase

Great seller! Excellent communication. Accurate description, accurate photos,
packed carefully, shipped and arrived quickly. What buyers hope for! You can
trust this seller.

2023 Topps Garbage Pail Kids InterGOOlactic Mayhem SPACE FARCE Insert 10 CardSet
(#335513977581)

See all feedback

View official PSA data on eBay.

