## Picture 1 of 3

Stock photo

## Picture 1 of 3

Stock photo

# Nintendo Entertainment System Home Console - Gray

4.59606 product ratings

  * Loot Hive (483696)
  * 99.3% positive feedback

Price:

$179.95

+ $118.71 shipping
Est. delivery Wed, May 14 - Wed, Jun 4Estimated delivery Wed, May 14 - Wed, Jun
4

Returns:

30 days returns. Buyer pays for return shipping. If you use an eBay shipping
label, it will be deducted from your refund amount.

Condition:

Very Good - RefurbishedVery Good - Refurbished

The Nintendo NES System was originally released in 1985 and would go on to
dominate 30% of U.S. households by 1989. They work very hard to get quality
products to you quickly. New A/V Cables for hook-up.

See full description

  * Buy It Now
ORIGINAL Nintendo Entertainment System Video Game Bundle Set Kit NES Console OG

  *   * 

## Oops! Looks like we're having trouble connecting to our server.

Refresh your browser window to try again.

Refresh Browser

## About this product

### Product Information

You can go back in time to the roots of video games with the Nintendo
Entertainment System Deluxe gray console. This classic Nintendo is a legend from
the 1980s. This NES system can make gaming simple and fun for all ages. If you
are looking for the perfect retro gift for your kids or someone young at heart,
this system could be the perfect choice. You can let NES bring the original
video game experience to your family. You can turn on the NES and let your kids
enjoy "Super Mario Bros" for the first time. Mario and Luigi can jump right into
their hearts. You can also introduce them to Mega Man, the legend that led to
over 50 games spanning almost 30 years. You can watch their joy as they see
Donkey Kong and his barrel bashing, or return to the roots of role-playing games
with "Final Fantasy." If you prefer traditional fighting games, you can try
"Double Dragon." You can test your survival skills with "Ice Climber." You can
reminisce about mall arcades with NES games like "Bubble Bobble" or "Tecmo
Bowl." These classic Nintendo games are only available on NES, which uses 8 bit
graphics to depict your favorite characters completing goals or winning points.
The system comes with 2 kB of RAM, which may be expanded with a console specific
cartridge, as well as 256 bytes of OAM. The processing power of this console
lets up to 64 sprites from your favorite game be displayed at once. Setting up
your Nintendo console can be easy with no complicated accessories needed. You
can connect your NES console to your television using a A/V or RCA cable. You
can insert your game cartridge into the game slot, and start playing by
following the prompts on your screen using the controller. The Nintendo
controller has a simple look that complements the gray, black, and red system.
The classic four arrow navigational panel lets you easily move through the game.
The red "A" and "B" buttons are easy to use to control your character.

### Product Identifiers

BrandNintendo

RR524765

0011152403427

ModelNintendo Entertainment System

eBay Product ID (ePID)101801921

### Product Key Features

PlatformNintendo NES

Region CodeNTSC

ColorGray

TypeHome Console

### Additional Product Features

EditionDeluxe

Console ColorGray

Product NameNintendo Entertainment System

Product LineNintendo Entertainment System

Show More

Show Less

## All listings for this product

Listing typeBuy It Now

Auction & Buy It Now

Auction

Buy It Now

ConditionAny Condition

Any Condition

New

Pre-owned

NES Console Only - 1985 Nintendo Entertainment System - NESE-001 HOL -
Workingitem 1 NES Console Only - 1985 Nintendo Entertainment System - NESE-001
HOL - Working

$74.99

+$19.00 shipping

NES Console Only - 1985 Nintendo Entertainment System - NES-001 - Working
REF02item 2 NES Console Only - 1985 Nintendo Entertainment System - NES-001 -
Working REF02

$80.99

+$19.00 shipping

NES Console Only - 1985 Nintendo Entertainment System - NES-001 - Working
REF03item 3 NES Console Only - 1985 Nintendo Entertainment System - NES-001 -
Working REF03

$87.99

+$19.00 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System Authentic NES 001 Console See Description item 4
Nintendo Entertainment System Authentic NES 001 Console See Description

$65.00

+$86.20 shipping

NINTENDO ENTERTAINMENT SYSTEM NES VIDEO GAME CONSOLE ONLY UNTESTED NES-001item 5
NINTENDO ENTERTAINMENT SYSTEM NES VIDEO GAME CONSOLE ONLY UNTESTED NES-001

$79.99

+$74.35 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System NES-001 Gaming Console Only W/O Controlleritem 6
Nintendo Entertainment System NES-001 Gaming Console Only W/O Controller

$80.75

+$74.75 shipping

NES Capacitor Installation Serviceitem 7 NES Capacitor Installation Service

$35.00

+$129.26 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System Home Console Gray Space Scene NES Tetris
Workingitem 8 Nintendo Entertainment System Home Console Gray Space Scene NES
Tetris Working

$75.86

+$92.51 shipping

Original Nintendo Entertainment System NES Console & Controller Tested
Workingitem 9 Original Nintendo Entertainment System NES Console & Controller
Tested Working

$69.99

+$112.71 shipping

Original NES - 001 Nintendo Console with Power Cables and Controllers - Tested
item 10 Original NES - 001 Nintendo Console with Power Cables and Controllers -
Tested

$99.99

+$87.00 shipping

VTG Orig. NES Nintendo Home Console System Untested AS IS No cords games
controlitem 11 VTG Orig. NES Nintendo Home Console System Untested AS IS No
cords games control

$48.50

+$142.74 shipping

Nintendo NES Game Bundle of 4. Tested & Working.item 12 Nintendo NES Game Bundle
of 4. Tested & Working.

$49.00

+$144.26 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System NES Video Game Console Only NES-001 Gray
Works!item 13 Nintendo Entertainment System NES Video Game Console Only NES-001
Gray Works!

$69.95

+$131.88 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System NES-001 Original Console w/ Controllers, RF
Switchitem 14 Nintendo Entertainment System NES-001 Original Console w/
Controllers, RF Switch

$65.00

+$138.17 shipping

Official Nintendo Entertainment System NES-001 Original Console Only Read
Descitem 15 Official Nintendo Entertainment System NES-001 Original Console Only
Read Desc

$52.25

+$151.23 shipping

ORIGINAL Nintendo Entertainment System Un-Tested Missing Dooritem 16 ORIGINAL
Nintendo Entertainment System Un-Tested Missing Door

$63.69

+$140.69 shipping

Original NES Nintendo Console w/2 Controllers, Super Mario robocop and T2item 17
Original NES Nintendo Console w/2 Controllers, Super Mario robocop and T2

$110.00

+$94.49 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System NES w/ Controller No Cables Testeditem 18 Nintendo
Entertainment System NES w/ Controller No Cables Tested

$62.99

+$141.97 shipping

NES-001 Nintendo NES Console Only 1985 | Untesteditem 19 NES-001 Nintendo NES Console Only 1985 | Untested
$41.70

+$163.59 shipping

Original NES Console W/ 2 Original Controllers - TESTED/WORKSitem 20 Original
NES Console W/ 2 Original Controllers - TESTED/WORKS

$70.00

+$141.60 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System Deluxe Gray Console Without Cables (1
controller)item 21 Nintendo Entertainment System Deluxe Gray Console Without
Cables (1 controller)

$59.99

+$151.90 shipping

80's NES Classic Nintendo Entertainment System Flawed, Yellow & Guaranteeditem
22 80's NES Classic Nintendo Entertainment System Flawed, Yellow & Guaranteed

$79.99

+$132.17 shipping

Original Nintendo Entertainment System NES Console & Controller Tested
Workingitem 23 Original Nintendo Entertainment System NES Console & Controller
Tested Working

$69.99

+$144.88 shipping

Original Nintendo Entertainment System NES Console & Controller Tested
Workingitem 24 Original Nintendo Entertainment System NES Console & Controller
Tested Working

$69.99

+$144.88 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System Home Console - Grayitem 25 Nintendo Entertainment
System Home Console - Gray

$70.00

+$145.43 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System (NES-001) With Cords & Controller - Testeditem 26
Nintendo Entertainment System (NES-001) With Cords & Controller - Tested

$69.95

+$146.37 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System Bundle 2 Games And Controlleritem 27 Nintendo
Entertainment System Bundle 2 Games And Controller

$74.99

+$142.02 shipping

OEM Replacement Nintendo Entertainment System Console NES *READ* NES-001item 28
OEM Replacement Nintendo Entertainment System Console NES *READ* NES-001

$69.99

+$147.13 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System Home Console - Castlevania Painted Mario
Duckhuntitem 29 Nintendo Entertainment System Home Console - Castlevania Painted
Mario Duckhunt

$85.00

+$132.32 shipping

NES Nintendo Entertainment System Console Bundle NES-001 w/ Cords &
Controlleritem 30 NES Nintendo Entertainment System Console Bundle NES-001 w/
Cords & Controller

$72.99

+$146.27 shipping

Original Nintendo Entertainment System NES Console Bundle 1 Game No Power
Cableitem 31 Original Nintendo Entertainment System NES Console Bundle 1 Game No
Power Cable

$79.99

+$139.90 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System w/ Three Controllers, Ac Adapter And Video
Cables.item 32 Nintendo Entertainment System w/ Three Controllers, Ac Adapter
And Video Cables.

$75.00

+$146.33 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System NES-001 Console Bundle w/ OEM Controller &
Cablesitem 33 Nintendo Entertainment System NES-001 Console Bundle w/ OEM
Controller & Cables

$75.00

+$146.38 shipping

Original NES Nintendo System Console Power RCA Yellowed Shell AS IS
PARTS/Repairitem 34 Original NES Nintendo System Console Power RCA Yellowed
Shell AS IS PARTS/Repair

$69.99

+$151.53 shipping

Nintendo Entertainment System Home Console - Gray Not TESTED item 35 Nintendo
Entertainment System Home Console - Gray Not TESTED

$75.00

+$147.03 shipping

See all 472listings for this product

## Ratings and Reviews

606 product ratings

  *  _476 users rated this 5 out of 5 stars_
476

  *  _75 users rated this 4 out of 5 stars_
  *  _19 users rated this 3 out of 5 stars_
  *  _7 users rated this 2 out of 5 stars_
  *  _29 users rated this 1 out of 5 stars_

Good graphics

Fun

Good value

### Most relevant reviews

  * Jan 15, 2022Top favorable review
#### Best Purchase - Best Seller - Grateful Father

Product was opened Christmas morning by my 6 and 9 year old daughters. They went
ballistic, having played the NES at a family friends house, and immediately
recalled the joy and elation they (and I) felt after beating Suler Mario Bro's
level 1. All the hook ups were perfect. Well packaged, brand new, and the power
voltage was the correct one. Went to play the 1st game blue screen or blinking
light. After some research turns out the games can have dirty leads which means
the dirt from the game can keep the game from playing & no amount the old blow
on the cartridge trick was going to suffice. I emailed. I was in from overseas
and well out of return range. Alex, not 20 minutes later emailed me back,
Christmas morning with a heartfelt apology and some suggestions to get me back
into glory days. If that didn't work, the time issue would not be a problem,
theybwould make it right. Following the instructions on cleaning the leads on
the games, I was back in action and my kids and I have spent hours obliterating
Glass Joe, Tetris, and Super Mario Bro's. Had I purchased from any other big box
retailer, I'd still be lost in phone support. It works as described, designed,
and promised. I'm grateful for the outstanding customer service and product. Now
I know: make sure the games are cleaned properly before using them. The product
is 35 years old, but it appears and functions as though I pulled it off the
shelf 35 years ago from ToyRus. Great Purchase. Forever grateful.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Dec 31, 2024Top critical review
#### Console doesn’t work. The screen keeps f...

Console doesn’t work. The screen keeps flashing colors and won’t load the game.
The inside is also very small, making it very difficult to get the game out. One
of the controllers is also defective. Will not work on any port. I won’t not
recommend buying this. It is not refurbished.

Verified purchase: Yes

  * by SyO5yoeVRPS@Deleted
Apr 05, 2016

#### The Original NES. A (sometimes testy) classic

Classic system, classic fun. Those games you had fun with as a kid? They're
still fun... no nostalgia required. The system has that great feeling of
simplicity. It can still be testy when it comes to playing dirty games and the
connector usually needs to be cleaned. Luckily, the internet is a gold mine for
learning the proper way to clean the games and system. It's very rewarding to
take the NES apart and clean it to get it working again. The NES is built very
well, and one good cleaning will keep it working for many years. No special
tools, skills, or deep breaths are required... (if you didn't know, don't blow
on the cartridges anymore.) Pick one up, to re-live old memories or to make new
ones. You won't be disappointed.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Feb 16, 2017
#### Excellent Nintendo Game Console

Great Nintendo Game Console.....this took me back to thirty years ago when the
NES first came out. I've been having fun playing the old Nintendo games I played
as a youngster. I give it a 4 star review!

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * by 8LzpGdUDSJy@Deleted
Sep 19, 2018

#### Works great but has a tight cartridge fit

The system came undamaged and it plays the game I have but with some struggling.
The cartrage is extremely tight and is so hard to get out that my hand is raw
after taking it out. I did research online and apparently it’s because it is a
new 72 pin. It hooks up to the tv alright and looks best on a crt tv like
suspected. All around it looks great and plays the games. Controllers down input
is not working properly but it can be hard to even find a working controller so
I’m not complaining. All in all I can recommend it to a collector and it will
play all your games.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * May 30, 2024
#### The NES itself works well, as I have tried well over a dozen OEM games in
it with little to no issues. The outer casing of the NES has a slight chip

The NES itself works well, as I have tried well over a dozen OEM games in it
with little to no issues. The outer casing of the NES has a slight chip in the
corner aesthetically and there is a screw missing from the bottom of the
console. The remote controls work but are not OEM, so they aren't great but
acceptable. Working on getting other OEM remotes that may improve certain game
play accuracy. Not 100% satisfied considering the cost, but happy with shipping
time and purchase. Thanks :)

Verified purchase: Yes

  * Jul 12, 2020
#### Great Purchase, but had to buy a new power adapter.

The only con was the power block it came with. I had to buy a new one, which was
a bit frustrating. I took it into the local retro store to do some minimal
testing. They tested it with a new power block and it turned on but couldn't get
a game to play, so that freaked me out a bit. But I had a gut feeling that it
was only the power block, so purchased a new one and game and went home. I
decided to open up the console to check to see if it was as advertised, and it
was clean and the pins were new. I plugged the system in and and got the game
working. Now it turns on no problem, every time. I for sure recommend this
product, but be prepared to buy a new power block.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Feb 03, 2024
#### Good buy if you are willing to install a new pin connector.

This console was very erratic visually. It was necessary for me to purchase a 72
pin connector and install it. That added another $15 or so dollars to the total.
As an owner of four of these consoles since the eighties I can say that they are
enjoyable. I have come to the conclusion that anyone wanting one of these should
buy the pin connector for it. Sooner or later they will need it. It only takes a
screwdriver and a little patience to replace the connector for this console.
Also, the 3 in 1 transformer being sold with these consoles aren’t worth
bringing home. You can find better in the used bin of thrift stores. Overall, I
am happy to have a working console as I enjoy the old cartridge games. By the
way, I’m a 76 year old grandma and play games with my grandchildren. We enjoy it
very much!

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Mar 14, 2016
#### a second chance

I bought an Action Set when it came out, and LOVED it. But when I moved, I was
bone-headed enough to leave it and ALL my games behind (still kicking myself to
this day) This used 'replacement' unit is a little rough around the edges, but
still works well; this time, I am NOT giving this one up w/o a combat round!
(Mothball them if you must, but don't EVER get rid of your old-school video
machines, friends; you'll regret it as I almost did!) ;-)

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Jul 26, 2017
#### Works great

Console arrived before the shipping estimate and worked great. Pins were very
tight and the game is a little hard to change because of it. That is the only
reason I did not give it 5 stars.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

## Best Selling in Video Game Consoles

  * Microsoft Xbox Series X 1TB Video Game Console - Black
(2146)

$489.99 New$489.99 New

$349.99 Used$349.99 Used

  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 1TB Video Game Console - Black
(31)

$329.99 New$329.99 New

$285.00 Used$285.00 Used

  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 512GB Video Game Console - White
(805)

$233.99 New$233.99 New

$119.99 Used$119.99 Used

  * Sony PS5 Blu-Ray Edition Console - White
(3070)

$425.00 New$425.00 New

$320.00 Used$320.00 Used

  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - White
(360)

$199.95 New$199.95 New

$169.99 Used$169.99 Used

  * Nintendo Switch 32GB Handheld Console - Neon Red/Neon Blue
(539)

$250.00 New$250.00 New

$115.99 Used$115.99 Used

  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon Blue
(102)

$280.00 New$280.00 New

$205.00 Used$205.00 Used

## Save on Video Game Consoles

Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.

  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 1TB Video Game Console - Black
$310.00

Trending at $349.99

  * Xbox Series S 512GB SSD Console Includes Xbox Wireless Controller New
$233.99

Trending at $259.99

  * Nintendo Switch OLED Handheld/Dockable Game System HEG-001 (E10036410)
$199.95

Trending at $260.00

  * DualSense Wireless Controller Monster Hunter Wilds Limited Edition PS5 New JPN
$114.96

Trending at $118.19

  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon
$260.00

Trending at $290.99

  * Nintendo Switch Lite 32GB Console - Turquoise
$132.50

Trending at $143.00

## You may also like

  * Nintendo Gray Home Console Video Game Consoles
  * Nintendo Switch Gray Video Game Home Consoles
  * Nintendo 64 Gray Video Game Home Consoles
  * Nintendo SNES Gray Video Game Home Consoles
  * Nintendo NES Gray Video Game Home Consoles
  * Nintendo Gray Video Game Consoles

