## Picture 1 of 7

Stock photo

## Picture 1 of 7

Stock photo

# Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)

4.39442 product ratings

  * Loot Hive (483696)
  * 99.3% positive feedback

Price:

$199.95

+ $103.54 shipping
Est. delivery Wed, May 14 - Wed, Jun 4Estimated delivery Wed, May 14 - Wed, Jun
4

Returns:

30 days returns. Buyer pays for return shipping. If you use an eBay shipping
label, it will be deducted from your refund amount.

Condition:

Very Good - RefurbishedVery Good - Refurbished

Sony Playstation-2 SLIM Console . Playstation 2 Console. A/V Composite Cables
for connecting to your TV. PlayStation format CD-ROM. PlayStation 2 format CD-
ROM. PlayStation 2 format DVD-ROM. Toshiba & Sony Emotion Engine 294.9 MHz.

See full description

  * Buy It Now
2 WIRELESS CONTROLLERS Sony PS2 SLIM Game System Gaming Console PLAYSTATION-2

  *   * 

## Oops! Looks like we're having trouble connecting to our server.

Refresh your browser window to try again.

Refresh Browser

## About this product

### Product Information

Sony Playstation 2 Slim, an upgraded version of the original Sony PS2, comes in
a handy 1.1 inch by 23 inch by 6 inch portable size that makes it even smaller
and lighter than a hardcover book. The Sony PlayStation 2 Slim includes a
massive library of more than 1,800 games spanning every genre. What’s more is
you can take the fun into the online world when you join multiplayer games for
free. With the Sony PlayStation 2 Slim’s built-in Ethernet and modem ports, you
can play select titles with your friends or challenge other players from halfway
across the world. The DUALSHOCK 2 analog controller is the software that offers
a intuitive gaming experience that brings you right to the center of the game.
Feel the explosions, punches, car bumps, and air crashes as all of these come
alive with the pressure sensitivity that’s built into the action button.
Enhanced mobility is also a plus with the analog thumbsticks. You won’t only see
but also feel the action. This gaming console’s system also comes with a built-
in CD/DVD player that lets you watch your favorite movies on DVD sans the bulky
player and stereo combination. Don’t forget that it also comes with the license
to listen to your favorite tunes from your CD collection. Bring out the compact
discs, and enjoy great audio in one compact system. Its Dolby Digital sound
gives you the ultimate surround sound system to further enhance the overall show
and audio experience. When it comes to mobility, there’s a way to store Sony
PlayStation 2 system games to a memory card. Copy and save game data from one
memory card to another, and have the option to delete it once you no longer need
it. The unit’s front panel features two memory card slots, two controller ports,
two ports for the USB hard drive, and power and disc-eject buttons. It also
features a dedicated infrared receiver that lets you control the gaming
console’s CD/DVD functions without losing one of the controller ports to an IR-
receiver dongle.

### Product Identifiers

BrandSony

SCPH-75001CB

GTIN0000265215201, 0711719703709

0000265215201, 0711719703709

ModelPlayStation 2 - Slim

eBay Product ID (ePID)112224524

### Product Key Features

PlatformSony PlayStation 2

Region CodeNTSC-U/C (US/Canada)

ColorBlack

ConnectivityComponent RCA

Resolution1080p (FHD)

TypeHome Console

### Dimensions

Weight2lb.

Depth

Height

Width

### Additional Product Features

RAM TechnologyRDRAM (Rambus)

Console ColorCharcoal Black

Mips R5900

Country RegionNorth America

Supported MediaDVD-ROM, CD-ROM

EditionLaunch Edition

Memory Capacity

RAM Capacity32MB

Audio Output SupportStereo

Power Source TypesPower Supply-Internal

Product NameSony PlayStation 2 Slim

Product LineSony Playstation

Show More

Show Less

## All listings for this product

Listing typeBuy It Now

Auction & Buy It Now

Auction

Buy It Now

ConditionAny Condition

Any Condition

New

Pre-owned

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console - W/ OEM Controller, Memory Card &
Cablesitem 1 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console - W/ OEM Controller, Memory
Card & Cables

$104.84

+$12.24 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Console (PS2) Black - FOR PARTS / REPAIR ONLYitem 2 Sony
PlayStation 2 Slim Console (PS2) Black - FOR PARTS / REPAIR ONLY

$29.99

+$126.29 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 PS2 Slim Black Console (SCPH-75001CB) Complete in box
Testeditem 3 Sony PlayStation 2 PS2 Slim Black Console (SCPH-75001CB) Complete
in box Tested

$125.15

+$83.20 shipping

PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console With Blue Controller & 2 Games Tested
Workingitem 4 PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console With Blue Controller & 2 Games
Tested Working

$100.00

+$116.35 shipping

PlayStation 2 Slim Console With Controller And Cablesitem 5 PlayStation 2 Slim
Console With Controller And Cables

$84.99

+$132.91 shipping

PlayStation 2 (PS2) Slim Console Bundle - Black - Sony - Carrying Case
Included.item 6 PlayStation 2 (PS2) Slim Console Bundle - Black - Sony -
Carrying Case Included.

$89.99

+$127.93 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console with wired controller (Tested)item 7 Sony
PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console with wired controller (Tested)

$90.00

+$128.06 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console + Cables + Controller + 2 Memory card
Bundleitem 8 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console + Cables + Controller + 2
Memory card Bundle

$89.99

+$129.49 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 PS2 Slim SCPH-75001 Console System OEM Bundle Cleaned
Testeditem 9 Sony PlayStation 2 PS2 Slim SCPH-75001 Console System OEM Bundle
Cleaned Tested

$105.00

+$116.50 shipping

PlayStation 2 Slim Console With Controller And 5 Games. Tested!item 10
PlayStation 2 Slim Console With Controller And 5 Games. Tested!

$100.00

+$123.77 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console + Cables Bundle+ Controller *TESTED*item 11
Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console + Cables Bundle+ Controller *TESTED*

$95.00

+$129.21 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)item
12 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)

$100.00

+$124.35 shipping

PS2 Slim Console With 2 Games And Dual Shock Remote! 8mg Memory Cardsitem 13 PS2
Slim Console With 2 Games And Dual Shock Remote! 8mg Memory Cards

$99.99

+$125.29 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console, Game, Memory Card & 2x Controllers
Testeditem 14 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console, Game, Memory Card & 2x
Controllers Tested

$110.00

+$116.65 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)item
15 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)

$100.00

+$128.05 shipping

PS2 Slim With Two Controllersitem 16 PS2 Slim With Two Controllers

$99.99

+$128.34 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)item
17 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)

$100.00

+$129.03 shipping

Sony PS2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB) 2 Memory
Carditem 18 Sony PS2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB) 2
Memory Card

$100.00

+$129.35 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console W/ Wires And Games (SCPH-77001)item 19
Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console W/ Wires And Games (SCPH-77001)

$100.00

+$131.35 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console W/ Wires And Games (SCPH-70012)item 20
Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console W/ Wires And Games (SCPH-70012)

$100.00

+$131.35 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console W/ Wires And Games (SCPH-70012)item 21
Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console W/ Wires And Games (SCPH-70012)

$100.00

+$131.35 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console W/ Wires And Games (SCPH-70012)item 22
Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console W/ Wires And Games (SCPH-70012)

$100.00

+$131.35 shipping

Sony Playstation 2Slim Black SCPH-75001 Cables Controller Games Read
Descriptionitem 23 Sony Playstation 2Slim Black SCPH-75001 Cables Controller
Games Read Description

$99.00

+$133.24 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console W/ Controllers + Cables Testeditem 24 Sony
PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console W/ Controllers + Cables Tested

$99.99

+$132.45 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)item
25 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)

$100.00

+$133.77 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 SCPH-75001 Console OEM cables and controller
+gamesitem 26 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 SCPH-75001 Console OEM cables and
controller +games

$110.00

+$125.20 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)item
27 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)

$120.00

+$116.94 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)item
28 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)

$110.00

+$129.00 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console + Cables + Controller Bundle *TESTED*item 29
Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console + Cables + Controller Bundle *TESTED*

$99.99

+$139.30 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console + Cables +Games & Controller Bundle
*TESTED*item 30 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console + Cables +Games & Controller
Bundle *TESTED*

$114.00

+$126.77 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Console Bundle with games and more!item 31 Sony
PlayStation 2 Slim Console Bundle with games and more!

$109.99

+$131.00 shipping

PS 2 Slim Console + Cables + Controller + MEMORY+ GTA VICE CITY * TESTED *
B3item 32 PS 2 Slim Console + Cables + Controller + MEMORY+ GTA VICE CITY *
TESTED * B3

$110.00

+$131.00 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Charcoal Black Console With GTA Trilogy Bundleitem 33
Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Charcoal Black Console With GTA Trilogy Bundle

$110.00

+$131.00 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Charcoal Black Console Systemitem 34 Sony PlayStation 2
Slim Charcoal Black Console System

$110.00

+$131.05 shipping

PlayStation 2 Slim (2 Memory Card And 2 Controllers) item 35 PlayStation 2 Slim
(2 Memory Card And 2 Controllers)

$115.00

+$128.26 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console +CablesBundle+OneController+2games
*TESTED*item 36 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console
+CablesBundle+OneController+2games *TESTED*

$115.00

+$128.67 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console + Cables + 2 Controller NCAA Bundle
*TESTED*item 37 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console + Cables + 2 Controller NCAA
Bundle *TESTED*

$110.00

+$134.64 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 PS2 SLIM Game System Gaming Console Bundle | Ships Fast!item 38 Sony PlayStation 2 PS2 SLIM Game System Gaming Console Bundle | Ships Fast!
$119.99

+$126.93 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 PS2 SLIM Game System Gaming Console Bundle, SCPH-75001item 39
Sony PlayStation 2 PS2 SLIM Game System Gaming Console Bundle, SCPH-75001

$119.99

+$126.93 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console Black W/ Cables & Official Controller
Testeditem 40 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console Black W/ Cables & Official
Controller Tested

$129.95

+$117.24 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)item
41 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)

$119.99

+$128.74 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)item
42 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)

$125.00

+$124.90 shipping

Sony PlayStation 3 PS3 Slim Black System Console Bundle ~ Black Controlleritem
43 Sony PlayStation 3 PS3 Slim Black System Console Bundle ~ Black Controller

$110.00

+$140.65 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console With Wired Remote, Remote Control, Etcitem
44 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Black Console With Wired Remote, Remote Control, Etc

$119.00

+$131.92 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)item
45 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Launch Edition Charcoal Black Console (SCPH-75001CB)

$105.99

+$146.00 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim Console Bundle In Excellent Conditionitem 46 Sony
PlayStation 2 Slim Console Bundle In Excellent Condition

$135.00

+$117.39 shipping

Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console + Cables Bundle + Games+DVD (Fast
Shipping)item 47 Sony PlayStation 2 Slim PS2 Console + Cables Bundle + Games+DVD
(Fast Shipping)

$136.00

+$117.42 shipping

See all 123listings for this product

## Ratings and Reviews

442 product ratings

  *  _321 users rated this 5 out of 5 stars_
321

  *  _55 users rated this 4 out of 5 stars_
  *  _20 users rated this 3 out of 5 stars_
  *  _11 users rated this 2 out of 5 stars_
  *  _35 users rated this 1 out of 5 stars_

Good graphics

Fun

Good value

### Most relevant reviews

  * May 04, 2021Top favorable review
#### Great though some issue with power

Works great love to revisit some old classics. But the ps2 has a issue where it
wouldn’t detect the power cable. I even bought a replacement power adapter and
still have the same issue. I have to fiddle with the cable until I see that the
red light appears.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Sep 28, 2019Top critical review
#### Wont read the disc

Fresh out of the box I plug everything in and turn it on, great the power works
so far so good. I put in the game I've been dying to play again since 2014 and
it gives me a little trouble so i reset and it loads the game fine. Literally 12
hours later when i try to play the game the console refuses to read the disc it
just read the night prior!! The disc is fine and I even tried a different game
and it still wont read the disc.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Jul 11, 2016
#### Classic but great fun for some old games!

I bought a PS2 so I could get in touch with my childhood and play Kingdom Hearts
1 and 2. I have no regrets! The system works as it should and starts up pretty
quickly. I've been playing for hours with no problems. The system runs smoothly
and effortlessly. I'm glad I could get a good quality used one to work so well.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Aug 06, 2019
#### If you regret letting go of your old PS2, buy a used one!

Regret letting go of that PS2 console all those years ago? If you are yearning
to relieve playing those classic Playstation 2 games then you should get a PS2
Slim Console and get back up and running. Used games are readily available and
cheap. Play all your old favorites like you did 15 years ago! Make sure the
model you get has a functioning DVD reader. If not, you will need to use
something like free MCBOOT to get your games on USB and run them from there. The
PS2 slim is quieter and more compact than the older PS2 fat and generally more
reliable than the older models.

Verified purchase: Yes

  * Jul 05, 2019
#### We will see

My Ps 2 slim cane super fast! And I was super stoked I set it up and went to
play. Sadly.... the ac power cord is only 5 v I have had to order the 8.5 v
adapter elsewhere and wait longer to see if that fixes the issue of where it
tries to turn on and immediately turns off. Hopefully that fixes the issue. The
power cord it came with isn’t it’s original and is too low a voltage so fingers
crossed this fixes the issue but I’m really sad because I was super excited to
play my old games and also some I had ordered in anticipation. I bought this to
replace my old stolen one :( So Sunday I will know if that was the issue or if
there is a bigger problem. Hopefully not because that would be an absolute
bummer.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Apr 16, 2020
#### It plays so well...

I absolutely love it. I bought it to primarily play Grand Theft Auto: Vice City
a classic that my late cousin and I used to play day in and day out. Thank you
for helping to bring back these memories.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Apr 22, 2020
#### Would recommend, may need to flip over to get games to play

Just got my PS2 today. Came in super early. Everything was wrapped nicely inside
though exterior of box was a little concerningly damaged. Doesn't come with a
memory card so you'll need to buy that separately. I couldnt get any of my games
to read so I looked up how to fix it and it said to flip the slim ps2 system
over and put the disc in (apparently that's a common problem with the slims).
Its inconvenient but it got the games to play. So, for $100 to come with 2
controllers, arrive so quickly, and to give my twin and I the opportunity to
play the games we grew up with, I'm happy and would recommend.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Dec 08, 2015
#### Awesome retro console

Awesome console. One of the memory cards was corrupted, but that doesn't matter
much to me since one works & I only need one! :) Good controllers, too. GTA-SA
is a wonderful game and it has the old songs. Thank you!

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * by GphnHzccSp6@Deleted
Jul 27, 2018

#### Travel back in time to 2005 and relive some good times

Great for a little nostalgia or, as folks seem already to be calling it, a
little "retro" gaming. Console plays like a charm. Naturally, this is an older
and outdated console, so you should expect the graphics to be a little lower
quality. For best results, play on a CRT and/or pick up SCART or component
cables, rather than using the VGA hookup provided. VGA works fine, but will tend
to look a little rough on a modern flat-screen television. PS2s were literally
designed to be played on CRT televisions, so the graphics appear best on those;
however, springing for a Component cable substantially improves the looks of
things, even if you play on a modern flat-screen. Some of items in the bundle
are probably going to be third-party replacements. If you're buying this for
serious "retro" gaming, you may want to eventually find some Sony brand items;
however, the console works fine enough when it arrives and you may not feel the
need. I found the third-party controller included in my bundle to be functional
enough, but I found the "feeling" of the button-presses and the light weight of
it a little off-putting, so I bought some real Sony controllers to use instead.
This is not to say what comes with the bundle won't work! Mine worked just fine!
Just be realistic and remember you are buying a previously-enjoyed console whose
original accessories may have long since vanished and have been replaced in a
cost-effective way. The console comes to you clean and ready to go, including a
PS2 memory card. The memory card included with my bundle still had a great deal
of old save data on it, but that's easy to delete yourself... And to be honest,
I didn't mind seeing DDR and FFX-2 game saves dated back to the mid-aughties on
there, gave me a little chuckle. Really, a great bang for your buck. Totally
recommend this little kit if you just want something to amuse yourself or play
some old favorites on now and then!

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * by WVIce-LbSfu@Deleted
Apr 05, 2017

#### sorry i am late but it is great i love the ps2!

this is great runs great and was a great deal and fast delivery my son loves the
nostalgia of it Great Product! will buy from again!

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

## Best Selling in Video Game Consoles

  * Microsoft Xbox Series X 1TB Video Game Console - Black
(2146)

$489.99 New$489.99 New

$349.99 Used$349.99 Used

  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 1TB Video Game Console - Black
(31)

$329.99 New$329.99 New

$285.00 Used$285.00 Used

  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 512GB Video Game Console - White
(805)

$233.99 New$233.99 New

$119.99 Used$119.99 Used

  * Sony PS5 Blu-Ray Edition Console - White
(3070)

$425.00 New$425.00 New

$320.00 Used$320.00 Used

  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - White
(360)

$199.95 New$199.95 New

$169.99 Used$169.99 Used

  * Nintendo Switch 32GB Handheld Console - Neon Red/Neon Blue
(539)

$250.00 New$250.00 New

$115.99 Used$115.99 Used

  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon Blue
(102)

$280.00 New$280.00 New

$205.00 Used$205.00 Used

## Save on Video Game Consoles

Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.

  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 1TB Video Game Console - Black
$310.00

Trending at $349.99

  * Xbox Series S 512GB SSD Console Includes Xbox Wireless Controller New
$233.99

Trending at $259.99

  * Nintendo Switch OLED Handheld/Dockable Game System HEG-001 (E10036410)
$199.95

Trending at $260.00

  * DualSense Wireless Controller Monster Hunter Wilds Limited Edition PS5 New JPN
$114.96

Trending at $118.19

  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon
$260.00

Trending at $290.99

  * Nintendo Switch Lite 32GB Console - Turquoise
$132.50

Trending at $143.00

## You may also like

  * Sony PlayStation 2 - Slim Pink Consoles
  * Sony PlayStation 5 Slim Digital Edition Consoles
  * Sony PlayStation 2 - Slim Black Video Game Consoles
  * Sony PlayStation 2 - Slim Video Game Consoles
  * Sony PlayStation 2 - Slim S-Video Black Consoles
  * Sony PlayStation 4 Slim Black 1TB Consoles

