## Picture 1 of 6

Stock photo

## Picture 1 of 6

Stock photo

# Nintendo Wii 512GB Console - White

4.641636 product ratings

  * Loot Hive (483696)
  * 99.3% positive feedback

Price:

$129.95

+ $117.24 shipping
Est. delivery Wed, May 14 - Wed, Jun 4Estimated delivery Wed, May 14 - Wed, Jun
4

Returns:

30 days returns. Buyer pays for return shipping. If you use an eBay shipping
label, it will be deducted from your refund amount.

Condition:

Very Good - RefurbishedVery Good - Refurbished

And through Wii Connect24, owners will be able to access even more content.
Nintendo Wii Console. For first-person shooters, the Wii Remote acts as your
weapon that you point at an enemy. The list of potential uses goes on and on.

See full description

  * Buy It Now
Nintendo Wii Video Game System RVL-001 Console 2-REMOTE Bundle NEW ACCESSORIES

  *   * 

## Oops! Looks like we're having trouble connecting to our server.

Refresh your browser window to try again.

Refresh Browser

## About this product

### Product Information

The Nintendo Wii is a home video game console in the color white. It was first
released in 2006 by Nintendo and introduced the Wii Remote controller, which can
be used as a handheld pointing device and which detects movements in three
dimensions. Several other controllers may be bought separately and connected to
the Wii or to the Wii Remote. Wii games are played from DVD-type Wii optical
discs. Games from consoles that were released before the Wii are downloaded from
the internet directly to the console with the Virtual Console service.

### Product Identifiers

BrandNintendo

RVL-001

0650045596046, 0045496342074, 0641022978153

Model

eBay Product ID (ePID)223459468

### Product Key Features

PlatformNintendo Wii

Region CodeNTSC

Storage Capacity512 MB

ColorWhite

TypeHandheld System

### Additional Product Features

EditionLaunch Edition

Console ColorWhite

Ibm "Broadway" PowerPC

Country RegionUnited States

Manufacturer ColorWhite

Internet ConnectivityWireless

Audio Output SupportStereo

Power Source TypesPower Adapter-External

Product NameNintendo Wii

Device Input SupportRemote Control

Product LineNintendo Wii

Show More

Show Less

## All listings for this product

Listing typeBuy It Now

Auction & Buy It Now

Auction

Buy It Now

ConditionAny Condition

Any Condition

New

Pre-owned

*BOX ONLY* Nintendo Wii Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort White Console (2100699)item 1 *BOX ONLY* Nintendo Wii Wii Sports and Wii Sports Resort White Console (2100699)
$26.09

+$56.25 shipping

Nintendo Wii Usb Video Game Console Loader Channel only Pal NTSCitem 2 Nintendo
Wii Usb Video Game Console Loader Channel only Pal NTSC

$67.49

+$24.99 shipping

Nintendo Wii White Console RVL-001 /GameCube Compatible Console /Works
Great!item 3 Nintendo Wii White Console RVL-001 /GameCube Compatible Console
/Works Great!

$39.99

+$81.50 shipping

Nintendo Wii Video Game Console Testeditem 4 Nintendo Wii Video Game Console
Tested

$35.00

+$90.33 shipping

Nintendo Wii Sports White Console Box + Manuals/Accessories -Wheels/Rackets
Extitem 5 Nintendo Wii Sports White Console Box + Manuals/Accessories
-Wheels/Rackets Ext

$39.99

+$90.55 shipping

Nintendo Wii Console Japanese Version Japan NTSC-J JP - US SELLER - Whiteitem 6
Nintendo Wii Console Japanese Version Japan NTSC-J JP - US SELLER - White

$49.95

+$83.41 shipping

Nintendo Wii CONSOLE ONLY White RVL-001 Tested With Chargeritem 7 Nintendo Wii
CONSOLE ONLY White RVL-001 Tested With Charger

$59.99

+$74.35 shipping

Nintendo Wii Video Game Console Only RVL-001 Whiteitem 8 Nintendo Wii Video Game
Console Only RVL-001 White

$39.99

+$98.82 shipping

Nintendo Wii Video Game Console Only RVL-001 Whiteitem 9 Nintendo Wii Video Game
Console Only RVL-001 White

$39.99

+$98.82 shipping

Nintendo Wii Console Motion Plus Bundle RVL-001 Game Console *TESTED*item 10
Nintendo Wii Console Motion Plus Bundle RVL-001 Game Console *TESTED*

$49.95

+$95.55 shipping

Nintendo Wii Console RVL-001 Console & Wires TESTEDitem 11 Nintendo Wii Console
RVL-001 Console & Wires TESTED

$54.00

+$92.00 shipping

See all 807listings for this product

## Ratings and Reviews

1636 product ratings

  *  _1348 users rated this 5 out of 5 stars_
1348

  *  _150 users rated this 4 out of 5 stars_
150

  *  _41 users rated this 3 out of 5 stars_
  *  _27 users rated this 2 out of 5 stars_
  *  _70 users rated this 1 out of 5 stars_

Good graphics

Good value

### Most relevant reviews

See all 1147 reviews

  * Dec 26, 2018Top favorable review
####  Great game system!

This is a refurbished unit. So I had my doubts. So far so good. Unit does look
brand new though. Works flawlessly. Peripherals are brand new. Controllers are
not motion plus. So you can't play some games without them. Games and
controllers are plentiful on eBay. Cheap too. For the money, you can't beat it.
Any issues come up in the future. I will report in another review.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Refurbished

  * Jan 05, 2021Top critical review
#### Good product just can’t connect to WiFi or any new TVs

Since the Wii is so old/retro you have to have RCA hookup the 3 colored cords ,
well nowadays most ppl have smart TVs that don’t come with RCA hookup . Also you
cannot connect your Wii to your wifi because it’s so old it just doesn’t work .
Overall good gameplay .

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Jun 14, 2019
#### Great Product as of June 14, 2019

I was scared that it would be a one star, I was wrong. This product is a great
purchase for the price. Minor scratches and scuffs, as well as some dirt, but
it’s not a big deal given the price. Just clean the Wii as you see fit. There is
no dust! Buy some accessories however if you want to preserve the wii and
remotes in the condition they’re in when you get it. Also I recommend putting in
a disc that you wouldn’t mind losing when you first turn the Wii on. Just to be
on the safe side. Mine works great, some micro-scratches on the disk from
playing for a while (Like an hour and a half) but it’s probably because I had
the Wii in the upright position. It’s nothing to worry about the, games I played
still work totally fine. I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT THERE ARE NO SCAMS HERE!!!! I
give this device a 7/10 with a 10 being an unopened Wii. I also give this device
a 9/10 for functionality. It turns on, it runs games, and it works like a brand
new Wii, with only small signs of aging that you won’t notice unless you have
OCD. I was thinking about posting photos, but it’s honestly not necessary, it’s
that good. GOOD PRODUCT!!!!

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Jul 15, 2019
#### 2 minor issues, but overall a really good deal!

I received everything that was listed, but had issues with the AV cable.
Luckily, I had to get a Wii2HDMI anyway, so that problem was quickly resolved,
but I also found that the MARIO kart disc would fail a few minutes after
startup. Aside from those two issues, everything else has worked so far!

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Aug 22, 2019
#### Works amazing

I'm soooo glad I took the risk to buy this wii, I was a little worried it may
not work because it was so cheap but it works like new. The kids and us are
having so much great family time. We didn't go anywhere for this summer and we
are having the time of our life in our living room. I had a baby about 3 months
ago, now im getting some workout done thanks to the wii console , im feeling
great and loosing weight too. Thank you so much, I highly recommend this product

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Nov 09, 2017
#### "Great system with everything I need included"

I am really enjoying this little toy. I am 63 years old and have slowed down
badly. I get a good little workout with the bowling, tennis and boxing. Helps me
physically while I am having fun with friends, family or by myself. The system
and hardware that came with the system are in excellent condition and work
without a flaw. Very happy with the purchase. Thank You for selling me a good
product for a very good price. Thank You, Dave

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Sep 22, 2017
#### Works great

This was an exact replacement. Easy to install (as long as you have the tool to
disassemble the WII casing) and worked perfectly. It also plays Game Cube games.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Dec 11, 2018
#### I am very pleased with this product. It is definitely fun and all the parts
arrived as expected. I am very glad I brought it from this seller.

My wife and I really wanted to have this console. We looked many different
places. We ended up finding the one we wanted here on eBay. One of the main
reasons why we bought it was because it came with the Mario kart game as well as
the whee controller holder. We are very happy with this product and highly
recommend it from this seller

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * Dec 27, 2024
#### A great seller with great product.

This was easily the best Wii deal on the market! All three hard to get and
desirable games that play great! The Wii is GameCube compatible and that part
works like a charm too. I only wish I could've grabbed a few more controllers so
I could play with my boyfriend! Thank you so much for making this Christmas so
exciting and nostalgic.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

  * by twedavi_qqhlvis8k
Jan 23, 2018

#### Excellent product! The game console and accessories are easy for a beginner
to set up and use.

The wii fit games are great for seniors even elderly for simple range of motion.
I wish i knew about the fitness game much earlier.

Verified purchase: YesCondition: Pre-owned

## Best Selling in Video Game Consoles

  * Microsoft Xbox Series X 1TB Video Game Console - Black
(2146)

$489.99 New$489.99 New

$349.99 Used$349.99 Used

  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 1TB Video Game Console - Black
(31)

$329.99 New$329.99 New

$285.00 Used$285.00 Used

  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 512GB Video Game Console - White
(805)

$233.99 New$233.99 New

$119.99 Used$119.99 Used

  * Sony PS5 Blu-Ray Edition Console - White
(3070)

$425.00 New$425.00 New

$320.00 Used$320.00 Used

  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - White
(360)

$199.95 New$199.95 New

$169.99 Used$169.99 Used

  * Nintendo Switch 32GB Handheld Console - Neon Red/Neon Blue
(539)

$250.00 New$250.00 New

$115.99 Used$115.99 Used

  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon Blue
(102)

$280.00 New$280.00 New

$205.00 Used$205.00 Used

## Save on Video Game Consoles

Trending price is based on prices over last 90 days.

  * Microsoft Xbox Series S 1TB Video Game Console - Black
$310.00

Trending at $349.99

  * Xbox Series S 512GB SSD Console Includes Xbox Wireless Controller New
$233.99

Trending at $259.99

  * Nintendo Switch OLED Handheld/Dockable Game System HEG-001 (E10036410)
$199.95

Trending at $260.00

  * DualSense Wireless Controller Monster Hunter Wilds Limited Edition PS5 New JPN
$114.96

Trending at $118.19

  * Nintendo Switch OLED Model HEG-001 Handheld Console - 64GB - Black/Neon Red/Neon
$260.00

Trending at $290.99

  * Nintendo Switch Lite 32GB Console - Turquoise
$132.50

Trending at $143.00

## You may also like

  * Nintendo Wii Consoles
  * Nintendo Wii U Consoles
  * Nintendo Wii White Video Game Consoles
  * Nintendo Wii Video Game Consoles
  * Nintendo Wii Component RCA White Consoles
  * Nintendo Wii Consoles & Video Games

