# Seller News: April 2025

Stay ahead of the curve by diving into this month’s updates.

## Top stories

### Your listings, now on Facebook Marketplace

We’re helping you reach even more potential buyers by sharing select listings on
Facebook Marketplace.

### Expanded protections against unpaid items

We’ve made updates to Best Offers, offers to buyers, and counteroffers to
continue protecting you from unpaid items.

### Stronger protections against negative feedback

We’ve updated our policies to make it easier to remove negative feedback when
buyers ask to cancel or change their mind about a purchase.

## Grow your business

  * ### Visit eBay’s small business central
You’ve got big dreams for your small business. We’re here to help. Check out our
small business central for resources to help you get started, grow, and connect.

  * ### Selling internationally is easier than you think
Ready to take your business global? We make it simple to expand your reach to
buyers in over 200 countries.

  * ### Get your listings on social media
With the Seller Hub social page, you can link your accounts, quickly turn your
listings into eye-catching posts, and automatically share to your social
channels.

  * ### Unlock your potential with an eBay Store
An eBay Store doesn’t just help you save on selling fees—it’s your key to a
suite of powerful marketing tools to help you grow your business. Open your
Store today.

## Community and education

### Check out eBay Live—a new way to sell on eBay

Step into the world of live selling, where you can connect with buyers, tell the
story behind your products, and expand your customer base.

### Stay informed with the latest from across eBay

Visit the Community Announcements board for essential product and policy
updates, and other need-to-know information for your business.

### Join the eBay Community and stay connected

Connect with fellow sellers, explore the latest discussions, and find answers to
your questions in our vibrant eBay Community.

## Hear from fellow sellers

### Seller Spotlight: Laurie Wong

Hear how Laurie Wong transformed her small thrift shop into a global enterprise,
using proceeds from her eBay for Charity store to feed over 8,000 people each
month, fulfilling her passion for helping others.

Watch Laurie's story

### Seller Spotlight: Mark Rau

World record-holding racecar driver Mark started selling parts on eBay to fuel
his passion for speed. He built a brand and reputation that stands out in the
high-end auto salvage industry and connects him with car enthusiasts globally.

Watch Mark's story

Feedback

,,,

