# SellingYou are on selling home page

## Make money selling on eBay

Sell your items fast—millions of buyers are waiting.

List an item

## Learn the basics

Here's what you need to know to start selling.

  1. 1
### List your item

You can list new or used items and pay a final value fee only when it sells.
Learn more about fees - opens in new window or tab..

  2. 2
### Get seller protection

You’re protected by policies, monitoring, and our customer service team.

  3. 3
### Choose when you get paid

You can schedule either daily or weekly payouts, and we'll deposit your earnings
directly into your bank account.

## Selling as a business? We make it easy

We’ve got powerful tools to help you manage your inventory and orders, track
your sales, and build your brand.

Learn more

## Create a great listing

Here’s six ways to set yourself up for success.

  * ### Write a standout title
    * We’ll recommend search terms that buyers often use, so be sure to add these in the title.
    * Avoid all caps and focus on specific details like brand, model, size, and color.
  * ### Take high-quality photos
    * Snap your items from multiple angles in a well-lit place, and capture any blemishes for transparency.
    * On the eBay app, you can clean up your images and add a white background.
  * ### Pick a purchase format
    * If you want to sell your item quickly, Buy it Now is probably the best format for you.
    * Otherwise, if you want to try your luck and shoot for the best possible price, choose Auction.
  * ### Set the right price
    * We will recommend a price based on recent sales of similar items.
    * You can even watch how other sellers are pricing their items, or use Best Offer to negotiate and sell faster.
  * ### Stand out from the crowd
    * Promote your listing and be seen by more buyers with sponsored placements across the eBay network.
    * Sell your items faster with eBay’s advertising tools.
  * ### Ship with ease
    * We provide recommendations for delivery, but to save on shipping, use an eBay delivery label.
    * Plus, if you’re selling locally, you can also offer Local Pickup.

## FAQ

  * How much does it cost to sell?
Once your item sells, we generally charge 10-15% of the final value. Your first
250 listings each month are free and, after, there’s a $0.35 insertion fee per
listing. Learn more about fees - opens in new window or tab..

  * What’s the best way to ship my item?
eBay provides recommendations, but you can choose a preferred shipping carrier.
Can’t make it to your local dropoff? Some offer free “ship from home” pickup.
Print your shipping labels with eBay to receive a discount from the carriers we
work with. If you don’t have a printer, we also offer QR codes for eBay labels.

  * Can I sell locally on eBay?
When creating your listing, you can offer local pickup by selecting it in
shipping details. Once the buyer pays, they’ll receive a QR code and a 6-digit
code, which you can scan or enter with the app to confirm the sale.

  * How much will it cost to ship my item?
You can choose the shipping option that offers the greatest value and
convenience for you. Learn more about shipping - opens in new window or tab..

  * Where can I get shipping supplies?
You can use any packaging supplies you may already have at home or get free
boxes from carriers. For an added touch, eBay branded supplies are available to
purchase. Buy eBay branded packaging - opens in new window or tab..

  * How should I choose my listing price?
For most items, we can provide a price recommendation for you based on recently
sold, similar items. How you price your item can depend on how you prefer to
sell it—Auction or Buy It Now. Choose a lower starting price for auctions to
create more interest.

  * How does eBay protect sellers?
We understand that things can happen that are out of your control as a seller.
When they do, we have your back. Learn more about seller protection - opens in
new window or tab..

  * What can I sell on eBay?
You can sell almost anything, from homemade goods to used or unused items from
your closet. We restrict items that violate any laws, or infringe on
intellectual property.

  * How do I create an account?
To get started, select List an item. We’ll help you create and verify your
account, and set-up payment information during your first listing. Have your
preferred payment account details on hand and be ready to receive a call or text
on your phone for verification.

  * When will I get paid?
After we confirm the buyer's payment has been received, payouts are sent
directly to your bank account, Monday through Friday (excluding bank holidays),
within two business days. Once a payout is initiated, funds are typically
available within 1-3 business days depending on your bank's normal processing
time.

  * Do I have to pay federal income tax on my sales?
For tax year 2023, IRS regulations require all businesses that process payments,
including online marketplaces like eBay, to issue a Form 1099-K for all sellers
whose gross payments exceed the current reporting threshold of $20,000 and 200
transactions. However, just because you receive a 1099-K doesn’t automatically
mean that you’ll owe taxes on the amount reported on your 1099-K. Form 1099-K
reports proceeds (the total amount made from sales regardless of whether you
made a profit or a loss). You will need to determine what amount, if any,
reported on Form 1099-K represents income to be declared on your tax return.
Generally, you don’t have to pay taxes on the sale of a personal item that was
sold at a loss (you sold the item for less than what you paid for it). For
example, if you bought a bike for $1,000 last year, and then sold it on eBay
today for $700, that $700 you made would generally not be subject to income tax.
Check out our 1099-K FAQ - opens in new window or tab..

  * How does eBay Ads work?
eBay Ads can help you build your business on eBay with effective advertising
tools that create a meaningful connection between you and eBay’s global
community of passionate buyers - and help you sell your items faster. Stand out
among billions of listings on eBay by putting your items in front of interested
buyers no matter the size of your budget. Learn More - opens in new window or
tab..

## You've got this. We've got your back.

List an item

### Selling on eBay

  * Seller Center - opens in new window or tab.
  * Sell for charity - opens in new window or tab.
  * Business tools - opens in new window or tab.

### Support

  * Customer service - opens in new window or tab.
  * Seller policies - opens in new window or tab.
  * Community - opens in new window or tab.

