Expand All

**Effective from December 4, 2024, for sellers who accept these Payments Terms
of Use during new seller registration or otherwise on or after that date;
effective from February 4, 2025, for all other sellers.**

The previous version of these Payments Terms of Use can be accessed by clicking
here.

## Introduction

These Payments Terms of Use (“**Payments Terms of Use** ”) set out the terms on
which the eBay Payment Entities set forth below offer you Payment Services (as
defined below in Part I, Section 1) in relation to your use of the eBay
Services. Your use of the eBay Services will continue to be governed by the User
Agreement applicable to you. Capitalized terms used, but not defined, in these
Payments Terms of Use have the same meaning as set forth in the User Agreement.
The applicable User Agreement, related eBay policies, or other agreements
between you and us (for example, a billing agreement) may include provisions
regarding your use of the eBay Services without Managed Payments (as defined
below) which may conflict with these Payments Terms of Use. You understand that,
with respect to our Payment Services, these Payments Terms of Use supersede any
and all such conflicting provisions. You agree to comply with these Payments
Terms of Use when accessing or using our Payment Services.

These Payments Terms of Use are between you and the applicable eBay Payment
Entities, as set forth below. If you have international sales, you may receive
Payment Services from one or more eBay Payment Entities, as described in Part I,
Section 2 below. In addition to the General Payments Terms (Part I of these
Payments Terms of Use), each eBay Payment Entity has Additional Payments Terms
(Parts II, III, IV, V and VI of these Payments Terms of Use) that apply to the
Payment Services such entity provides. eBay Inc. and the companies it directly
or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, are
referred to as our “**Affiliates**.” The eBay Payment Entities are Affiliates of
eBay Inc.

eBay Payment Entity | Contact Information  
---|---  
**eBay Commerce Inc. (“eCI”)** 2065 Hamilton Avenue San Jose, CA 95126, United States  **Part II (“Additional Terms for Services Provided by eCI”) of these Payments Terms of Use contains an Agreement to Arbitrate which will, with limited exception, require you to submit claims you have against us or our agents to binding and final arbitration, unless you opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate (see Part II, Section 4 (“Legal Disputes”), Subsection B ("Agreement to Arbitrate")). If you do not opt out: (1) you will only be permitted to pursue claims against us or our agents on an individual basis, not as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative action or proceeding and (2) you will only be permitted to seek relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) on an individual basis.** |  English: https://www.ebay.com/help/home Chinese: https://www.ebay.com.hk/help/home  
**eBay S.à r.l. (“eBay Sarl”)** 22-24, Boulevard Royal L-2449 Luxembourg RCS registration number: B164557 VAT-ID LU26188648  eBay Sarl is authorized in Luxembourg as a payments institution and subject to the supervision of the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF), 283 route d’Arlon, 1150 Luxembourg, (license no. 33/19). You can check eBay Sarl’s registration details by visiting the CSSF’s website at http://www.cssf.lu/en/.  |  Germany: https://www.ebay.de/help/home France: https://www.ebay.fr/help/home Italy: https://www.ebay.it/help/home Spain: https://www.ebay.es/help/home Austria: https://www.ebay.at/help/home Ireland: https://www.ebay.ie/help/home Switzerland: https://www.ebay.ch/help/home Belgium (French): https://www.befr.ebay.be/help/home Belgium (Dutch): https://www.benl.ebay.be/help/home Netherlands: https://www.ebay.nl/help/home Poland: https://www.ebay.pl/help/home  
**eBay Commerce Canada Ltd. (“ECCA”)** 44 Chipman Hill Suite 1000 Saint John NB E2L 2A9, Canada  |  English: https://www.ebay.ca/help/home French: https://www.cafr.ebay.ca/help/home  
**eBay Commerce Australia Pty Ltd (“ECA”)** Level 18 1 York Street Sydney NSW 2000 Australia  ECA is registered as a remittance service provider with, and is subject to the supervision of, the Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre (“AUSTRAC”), PO Box K534 Haymarket NSW 1240. You can check ECA’s registration by visiting AUSTRAC’s website at https://online.austrac.gov.au/ao/public/rsregister.seam.  |  https://www.ebay.com.au/help/home  
**eBay Commerce UK Ltd (“ECUK”)** 1 More London Place, London, SE1 2AF, United Kingdom  ECUK is authorized in the UK as a payment institution and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), with firm reference number 925354. You can check ECUK's registration details by visiting the FCA's website https://register.fca.org.uk.  |  https://www.ebay.co.uk/help/home  
## I. GENERAL PAYMENTS TERMS

This Part I of the Payments Terms of Use applies to all Payment Services you
receive from the eBay Payment Entities (also collectively referred to as
**“we”** or **“us”** in this Part).

### 1. About Payments on the eBay Services

You agree to have the eBay Payment Entities receive or execute payments on your
behalf in relation to your use of the eBay Services, and manage settlement of
related payments to you (referred to as “**Managed Payments,** ” “**Payment
Services,** ” or similar names).

Buyers may pay for your items using payment methods such as the following, the
availability of which may vary:

  * Certain credit or debit cards (including VISA, Mastercard, and Discover),
  * PayPal,
  * Venmo (available to buyers located in the US),
  * Digital wallets (such as Google Pay, and Apple Pay),
  * Direct debit,
  * “Pay Later” payment methods or point-of-sale financing known in some regions as payment via installments, or “direct debit upon invoice” or “payment upon invoice,” or “Buy Now Pay Later,”
  * eBay coupons, gift cards, etc. (if applicable), or
  * Funds held in a stored value account issued under eBay’s US Balance Terms and Conditions (currently only available to selected sellers residing or established in the United States).

We may modify the scope of payment methods available at our sole discretion.

The underlying contract for the buyer’s purchase of “items” (which may refer to
goods and/or services) from you is directly concluded between you and the buyer.

After a Managed Payments transaction occurs, you will receive a notification
confirming such payment transaction. We will initiate settlement of proceeds
received to your Linked Financial Account (as defined below in Part I, Section 4
“Seller Onboarding”). You can access the status of your Managed Payments
transactions, including settlements and other payment information, under the
Payments tab in the Seller Hub, which will be available to you when you
successfully onboard to Managed Payments. If a payment is made to you in error,
or if you receive funds that you are not otherwise entitled to receive at the
time of disbursement, we have the right to recoup such amounts from you.

### 2. International Sales

**Because multiple eBay Payment Entities provide Payment Services, you may
receive Payment Services from more than one eBay Payment Entity, as follows:**

  * If you receive Payment Services from an eBay Payment Entity, such entity is appointed to process transactions and manage the settlement of funds related to your sales.
  * Each eBay Payment Entity is appointed to manage payments for sales on one or more sites, as set forth in the table below (“**Responsible Payment Entity** ”). The site on which you list your item will determine the Responsible Payment Entity for a given sale. For example, ECA would be the Responsible Payment Entity if you sell an item that you listed on ebay.com.au. 
  * Your “**Payout Entity** ” is the eBay Payment Entity associated with the country in which you reside or are established as a business. Your Payout Entity is assigned to you as illustrated in the table below, unless you and we otherwise agree. You will receive all disbursements to your Linked Financial Account from this entity, regardless of where you list your items. 
  * If you sell an item listed on an eBay site whose Responsible Payment Entity is also your Payout Entity, your Payout Entity will process the sale and settle the corresponding funds to your Linked Financial Account. For example, if your Payout Entity is ECCA, your funds awaiting payout from sales on ebay.ca will be processed and settled to your Linked Financial Account by ECCA. 
  * If you sell an item listed on an eBay site whose Responsible Payment Entity differs from your Payout Entity, the Responsible Payment Entity will process the sale and transfer the corresponding funds to your Payout Entity, which will receive the funds on your behalf and in turn disburse them to your Linked Financial Account. For example, if your Payout Entity is eCI and you reside in an “Additional Country” (as such term is defined in the chart below), your funds awaiting payout from sales on ebay.de will be managed by eBay Sarl and settled to eCI. eCI will then disburse the funds to your Linked Financial Account. 
  * In cases where you have listed an item on an eBay site whose Responsible Payment Entity differs from your Payout Entity, you will cease to be considered as receiving payment services from that Responsible Payment Entity if more than 12 months have passed since you last sold an item listed on the relevant eBay site. 

The following table illustrates these distinctions:

eBay Payment Entity | Responsible Payment Entity for Sales of Items Listed on | Payout Entity for Sellers Residing or Established in | Additional Payments Terms  
---|---|---|---  
eCI | ebay.com | the United States (all references herein to the “United States” shall include its territories) and all other countries (together, the “Additional Countries”) that are not included among the countries associated with an eBay Payment Entity below |  II. ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY eBay Commerce Inc.  
eBay Sarl | All European Economic Area (“EEA”) eBay sites (including ebay.de, ebay.ie, ebay.fr, ebay.it, ebay.es, ebay.at, ebay.nl, ebay.be, befr.ebay.be, benl.ebay.be, ebay.pl etc.) and ebay.ch | EEA countries (except Iceland) or Switzerland |  III. ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY eBay S.à r.l.  
ECCA |  ebay.ca cafr.ebay.ca  | Canada |  IV. ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY eBay Commerce Canada Ltd.  
ECA | ebay.com.au | Australia |  V. ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY eBay Commerce Australia Pty Ltd.  
ECUK | ebay.co.uk | the United Kingdom, Jersey, Guernsey, Gibraltar (references made herein to the “United Kingdom” are deemed to also include Jersey, Guernsey or Gibraltar for the purposes of these Payments Terms of Use) |  VI. ADDITIONAL PAYMENTS TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY eBay Commerce UK Ltd.  
If you reside outside the EEA (except Iceland), the United Kingdom, and
Switzerland, the performance of any Payment Services provided to you by eBay
Sarl and/or ECUK is deemed suspended until an item you listed on a EEA, UK, or
Swiss eBay site is sold.

#### Payout Currency

Your “**Payout Currency** ” is the currency that we will use for settling your
transaction proceeds to your Linked Financial Account. We will generally
determine your Payout Currency as follows, unless you and we agree otherwise:

  * If you are a seller residing or established in the United States, or any of the Additional Countries, your Payout Currency is the US Dollar.
  * If you are a seller residing or established in an EEA country (except Iceland), your Payout Currency will be the Euro.
  * If you are a seller residing or established in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, or Australia, your Payout Currency will be based on your country of residence.
  * If you are a seller residing or established in Canada, your Payout Currency will be the Canadian Dollar or, if offered by us and selected by you, the US Dollar.
  * If you are a seller residing or established in an Additional Country, then your Payout Currency is the US Dollar, or such other currency as we may offer and you may select as determined by your country of residence.

We may enable further Payout Currencies at our sole discretion in the future.
Where offered by us and agreed upon by you and your buyer, your buyer may pay
for an item you sell with currency other than your Payout Currency. When this
happens, the paid amount will be converted into your Payout Currency prior to
disbursement of the funds to you, using the applicable transaction exchange rate
and assessing the currency conversion charge as indicated on our Fee Page
described in Section 3 (“Seller Payment Fees”) below. Similarly, your receipt of
eBay Services from Affiliates may cause you to incur fees which are published in
a currency other than your Payout Currency; if this happens, we may convert such
fees into your Payout Currency in the same manner as described in the prior
sentence.

Further, if you live in an Additional Country, the financial institution you
opened your Linked Financial Account with may charge you a separate fee for
converting your funds from the US Dollar to your local currency.

### 3. Seller Payment Fees

The fees and expenses which we charge in relation to your use of Managed
Payments are, unless otherwise communicated to you, set forth in the applicable
fee page linked in the tables below based on the country that you reside or are
established in (“Fee Page”). For instance, if you reside in Australia and do not
have an eBay store, clicking on the “Australia” link in the “Sellers in ___
without eBay Stores” column will take you to your applicable Managed Payments
fee page; in contrast, if you reside in Australia and have an eBay store, you
should click on the “Australia” link in the “eBay Store Sellers in” column. Such
fees and expenses are subject to change, as set forth in the applicable User
Agreement. For instance, if the Australian User Agreement is applicable, we may
change our seller fees from time to time in the manner set out in the Australian
User Agreement.

Sellers in ____ without eBay Stores | eBay Store Sellers in  
---|---  
Canada (English); Canada (French) |  Canada (English); Canada (French)  
Private or Non-Professional Sellers in | Business or Professional Sellers in  
---|---  
Belgium (Dutch); Belgium (French) |  Belgium (Dutch); Belgium (French)  
Additional Countries and EEA Countries Not Identified Above |  Additional Countries and EEA Countries Not Identified Above  
In some circumstances, you might be eligible for a credit of certain fees you
paid, as described on the Fee Credits page.

### 4. Seller Onboarding

In order to use our services, you must register and accept these Payments Terms
of Use. If you reside in the EEA, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, your
submission of your Managed Payments online registration application constitutes
your offer to conclude this agreement. If your onboarding is not immediately
confirmed, you will receive notification that you have been approved to receive
services once we have reviewed your information.

To use Managed Payments, you must:

  * Link a financial account, so you may receive settlements of proceeds from Managed Payments to this account (“**Linked Financial Account** ”). If you reside in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, or Australia, your Linked Financial Account must be a bank account based in your country of residence, or such other type of account or instrument (such as a debit card) that we may permit in our discretion. If you reside in a country within the EEA (except Iceland), you may provide a bank account located in any EEA member state (except Iceland), as your Linked Financial Account. If you reside in Switzerland or Liechtenstein, you must provide a bank account located in Switzerland or Liechtenstein as your Linked Financial Account. If you reside in an Additional Country, we may require you to create a Linked Financial Account with a specific non-bank third-party financial institution to receive payouts. Depending on the Additional Country that you reside in, we may also offer you the option to use a bank account located in the Additional Country as a Linked Financial Account. If we cannot make direct debits from your Linked Financial Account for Owed Amounts (as defined in Section 10), we require you to keep another payment method on file with us and we may withhold payouts to your Linked Financial Account until you have successfully provided us with such other payment method. 
  * At this time, you may only use our Payment Services to receive disbursements to a Linked Financial Account. You may change your Linked Financial Account at any time as permitted by us. Payouts will be made to your Linked Financial Account subject to (i) your completion of the Linked Financial Account verification process, and (ii) the completion of our assessment for security and risk purposes and under our anti-money laundering and other legal obligations. Our assessment typically takes up to two (2) days after your completion of the verification process, or longer if any issues or irregularities arise in which case we will complete our assessment without undue delay. If you reside in an Additional Country and we offer you the option to receive payouts to more than one Linked Financial Account, we will allocate your payouts among your Linked Financial Accounts in conformity with your instructions. By adding a Linked Financial Account to your eBay account, you represent and warrant that you are the lawful owner of, or have the lawful right to use, any Linked Financial Account you associate with your account. In certain circumstances, we may permit you to direct payouts to a Linked Financial Account owned or controlled by your legal representative. If you elect to receive payouts to a Linked Financial Account owned or controlled by a legal representative, you represent and warrant that the legal representative has the authority to receive payouts on your behalf, and you fully release us from any and all liability for losses you may sustain arising from disbursements made by us to the legal representative under these Payments Terms of Use. 
  * Provide us with all information which we may require for purposes that include: verifying your identity, complying with applicable laws and regulations such as anti-money laundering and sanctions screening obligations, allowing us to manage settlements of your transaction proceeds, and assessing fraud and risk. If you are an individual, this information may include, without limitation, your full name, address, phone number, date of birth, taxpayer identification number, bank account information, and a form of government-issued identification (e.g., a copy of your identity card or driver's license). If you are a business, this information may include, without limitation, your full business name, address, phone number, entity type, bank account information, tax identification number, and business number, in addition to details regarding your beneficial owner(s), director(s), officer(s), authorized representative, legal representative, and/or primary contact, such as name, contact information, nationality, title, and government-issued identification (such as a United States Social Security Number). You understand that we will be unable to settle your proceeds or issue you any tax documents (such as a United States Internal Revenue Service Form 1099-K) if you do not provide or appropriately update us with accurate contact information and other requested data. 
  * Provide us with all information necessary to authenticate you or your payment transactions, which may include validation of your phone number or email. You understand that we may be unable to execute certain transactions or complete certain requests without this information. 
  * Maintain in a timely manner the accuracy of the information we have on file, and consent to our periodic updating of such stored information based on information provided by you, your bank, or other payments services providers. You will only provide us information about payment or settlement methods that you are authorized to use. You understand that if you update information such as your country of residency, you may need to repeat some or all of the onboarding steps described above to continue using Payment Services. 
  * Comply with all, and not cause a third party to violate any, applicable laws, regulations, rules, and terms and conditions in connection with your use of the eBay Services. You will not use Payment Services to move funds associated with gambling. You understand that some third parties (such as banks, credit and debit card issuers, credit and debit card networks, and payments services providers) may have their own terms and conditions for the payment or settlement methods you or buyers choose to use in connection with payments that we manage, such as terms and conditions that relate to the settlement of funds, chargebacks, prohibited items, and overdrafts. Failure to abide by third-party terms and conditions may result in fees assessed to you, delays in your receipt of funds, or other actions taken by such third parties. You agree that we have no control over, or responsibility or liability for, such fees, delays, or actions. 

You authorize us and our Affiliates to verify and evaluate information you
provide to us, including by verifying the existence of your bank account,
verifying your identity and other personal information, obtaining reports from
third parties, or comparing information you provide to us with information
provided by third parties. Such third parties may include without limitation
banks, credit and consumer reporting agencies, data brokers and service
providers. We reserve the right to close, suspend, or limit your account or
rescind your access to any or all of our services in the event we are unable to
obtain or verify any of this information. We are not responsible for any losses
suffered by you as a result of incomplete or inaccurate information you provide.

### 5. Shipping

When you receive notice that a buyer has paid for an item through a Managed
Payments transaction, you must then ship or otherwise deliver your item in
accordance with the agreed shipping method.

### 6. Managed Payments Limitations

In some listings or categories, eBay may allow sellers to offer buyers the
option to pay for a purchase directly to the seller without using the payment
services offered by us under these Payments Terms of Use, for example by cash
payment on pickup (“Offline Payment Methods”). We do not manage payments for
such Offline Payment Methods. Offline Payment Methods are not covered by eMBG
programs; additionally, we will not assist buyers or sellers with payment
disputes (such as chargebacks) in connection with Offline Payment Methods. Your
listings are subject to eBay's payment policies and any other terms about
payments that may appear on the eBay Services, including terms relating to the
payment and disbursement methods available to you for such listings.

### 7. Using Managed Payments

#### Returns and Cancellations; Refunds

If your buyer is entitled to a refund for a return or cancellation for a Managed
Payments transaction, based on an agreement between you and the buyer or
according to eBay’s policies regarding such transaction, you authorize us to pay
to the buyer the corresponding refund amount on your behalf.

#### eBay Money Back Guarantee Programs

eBay offers buyers protection programs on certain eBay Services to ensure that
buyers receive the item they ordered or get their money back (“eBay Money Back
Guarantee” in most jurisdictions and “eBay Buyer Protection Program” in Germany,
collectively referred herein as “eMBG”). You understand that if your buyer
successfully files a claim under such program for a Managed Payments
transaction, the respective eBay company offering the eMBG program (“**eMBG
Service Provider** ”) will reimburse the buyer the amount owed on your behalf
pursuant to the applicable User Agreement and eMBG policy. According to the
applicable User Agreement and eMBG policy, you must reimburse the eMBG Service
Provider for any such amounts.

#### Disputes

A buyer (or the owner of a payment instrument) may initiate a chargeback, direct
debit reversal, or PayPal buyer protection claim, or otherwise ask their
financial institution to open a payment dispute (all referred to solely within
this Part I as “**Dispute** ”) in connection with a Managed Payments
transaction. The final outcome of the Dispute will be decided by the buyer's
financial institution.

We will manage Disputes, as follows: When a Dispute is opened, we will notify
you and ask you whether you choose to accept or challenge the Dispute. If you
accept the Dispute, you agree to the reversal of the payment to the buyer. If
you challenge the Dispute, eBay will submit to the financial institution any
relevant evidence you provide about the Dispute. You agree to provide timely
information to assist in the Dispute resolution process and understand that your
failure to provide requested information on the timeline we require and as
specified by credit and debit card networks' and other payment service
providers' rules could adversely impact the outcome of a Dispute investigation,
up to complete forfeiture of the amounts in Dispute. If you accept the Dispute
or if the buyer’s financial institution decides in favor of the buyer, the
respective amount will be refunded to the buyer's original payment method and
charged to us. You must reimburse us for such charges, unless you are eligible
for the Seller Protection policy provided by the eBay Affiliate which provides
the eBay Services to you, in which case you are not held liable for amounts
refunded to the buyer. If you choose to accept the Dispute, we may still decide
to challenge the Dispute in our discretion and at no additional costs to you.

Some payment institutions offer an optional arbitration process to contest the
results of an individual Dispute. We may ask for your consent to participate in
such arbitration process. If you consent to chargeback arbitration, you
authorize us to represent and defend you throughout the arbitration. You will be
responsible for all costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and any
arbitration fees assessed by third parties, arising from such arbitration
proceedings), as agreed between you and us in each case, and you authorize us to
pay these amounts on your behalf while the arbitration is pending.

You will not contest the resolution of any Dispute that we investigate and/or
re-present, nor will you re-open resolved Dispute investigations. If you are a
consumer in the EU, UK or Australia, or a Small Business within the definition
of Small Business Contract (as defined in s23 of Schedule 2 – Australian
Consumer Law of the _Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth))_ (“Australian
Small Business”) in Australia, your rights to file a complaint or to take legal
action in court remain unaffected.

#### Seller Protection

If you have met your eligibility requirements for, and fulfilled all your
applicable obligations, under the Seller Protection policy provided by the eBay
Affiliate which provides the eBay Services to you, you will not be held liable
for any amounts to be returned to buyers due to eMBG program claims, Disputes or
unauthorized transactions with eBay spendable funds.

#### Fines, Penalties and Losses

We are unable to manage payments for prohibited and restricted items. Before
listing your item, you must ensure it complies with eBay's rules, applicable
laws, and any additional restrictions imposed by credit card associations,
network rules, or third-party payments service providers that we may use.

You agree to indemnify and reimburse us for all reversals, chargebacks, claims,
costs, losses, damages, fees, fines, penalties and other liabilities and
expenses incurred by us or brought against us by a third party arising out of
(a) your breach of these Payments Terms of Use or the User Agreement including
without limitation any violation of eBay’s policies; (b) your violation of any
law or the rights of a third party; or (c) any transaction processed by us for
you for an item or service you listed on eBay (including without limitation the
accuracy of your item description or any claim or dispute arising out of items
or services offered or sold by you).

#### Holds

We reserve the right to manage the risks associated with providing you the
Payment Services, by placing restrictions on your access to your funds when
deemed necessary, as described in further detail below.

You agree that we may place holds on your funds or instruct a payment service
provider to hold your funds, prior to disbursement. For the avoidance of doubt,
if you receive funds to either a stored value account issued to you under eBay’s
US Balance Terms and Conditions or to a payment account, a hold may also be
placed on such funds. If a hold is placed on your funds, the amount and status
of the hold will be displayed under the Payments tab in the Seller Hub/My eBay.
We will notify you through the eBay Message Center and/or by email and,
depending on the reason, may request additional information from you to help
resolve the issue.

If you are a consumer in Germany, eBay Sarl will apply holds to your funds in
accordance with Part III, Section 7. For all other sellers, we apply holds under
the following conditions. A hold may be placed if we have reason to believe
there is an increased risk associated with the provision of our Payment Services
or with a certain Managed Payment transaction, for example if we cannot verify
your identity or if your buyer files a dispute. Please see our holds help page
for more detail on the hold types and examples. We take into consideration
relevant factors when assessing the risks including selling history, seller
performance, seller type, returns and cancellations, chargebacks, riskiness of
the listing category, transaction value, the ability to make direct debits from
your Linked Financial Account, and the filing of eMBG claims. We also may cancel
or freeze the settlement of your proceeds as necessary to comply with our legal
obligations in connection with fraud prevention, risk management, or regulatory
compliance, or, upon lawful request by our Affiliates, to enable them to comply
with legal obligations applicable to them (such as compliance with tax-related
obligations from EU DAC7 legislation). Any hold placed on your funds will be
released when the risk associated with our provision of Payment Services is
reduced or eliminated.

If your payout entity is eCI, ECA, or ECCA, we may temporarily retain a portion
of your funds to cover refunds, Disputes, or other post-transaction activities
after you close your account. Unless otherwise required by law, we will settle
any unused retained amounts to your Linked Financial Account within 180 days of
your eBay account closure.

Your bank's holds and settlement procedures may at times cause delays in the
settlement of funds to your Linked Financial Account, and we do not have control
over these delays.

#### Reserves

In order to manage risk or secure your obligations under these Payments Terms of
Use, we have the right to require a reserve of transaction proceeds. This means
that the respective portion of your funds is reserved as unavailable for
disbursement. Reserves may be in the form of rolling and/or minimum reserves.

  * A rolling reserve is a reserve funded by withholding a set percentage of your transaction proceeds each day for a fixed period to be released to you later at a scheduled time on a rolling basis. For example, we may require a rolling reserve of 10% for a period of 60 days. Under this requirement, 10% of your transaction proceeds earned on day 1 will be withheld from your payouts and then be released to you on day 61. Subsequently, 10% of your transaction proceeds earned on day 2 will be withheld and then released to you on day 62, and so forth. Rolling reserves are the most common type of reserve. 
  * A minimum reserve is a requirement to hold a specific amount of money in your reserve. A minimum reserve may be funded by contributing a set percentage of your daily transaction proceeds to the reserve up to the minimum requirement, or by setting-off the entire amount of the minimum requirement from your pending payouts. For example, if we require a minimum reserve of $5,000, the reserve may be funded by contributing 10% of your transaction proceeds to the reserve each day until the amount reaches $5,000. Alternatively, if your pending payouts equal or exceed $5,000, the minimum reserve may be funded by setting off the reserve requirement from your pending payouts at one-time in full. 

We may require a reserve if we have reason to believe there is an increased risk
of non-fulfillment of your obligations under these Payments Terms of Use. We
take into consideration relevant risk factors before requiring a reserve,
including, as applicable (i) your eBay account history, (ii) whether the
category you are listing in has a higher likelihood of chargebacks or refunds,
(iii) whether your eBay account has an elevated number of customer claims or
disputes, (iv) your business and/or personal credit history (business sellers
may be subject to credit agency checks if permitted by applicable law), (v)
whether you are selling products in advance of availability (pre-selling
orders), and (vi) whether you have extended delivery time frames. Depending on
your performance and the risk associated with your use of Managed Payments, a
reserve may be raised, lowered, or removed at any time. The amount of each
reserve (and any subsequent change) will be reasonably determined based on the
seller-specific risk (including the volume of your sales). The amount and status
of each reserve will be displayed under the Payments tab in the Seller Hub/My
eBay and we will notify you of any reserves we require of you.

If ECA is your Payout Entity, any reserve required of you is further subject to
the Seller Reserve Terms and Conditions. By accepting these Payments Terms of
Use, you agree to the Seller Reserve Terms and Conditions to the extent they
apply to you.

#### Our Liability

If we have acted with reasonable precautions and/or in accordance with our legal
obligations, we are not liable for any unauthorized, incorrectly, unexecuted, or
delayed payment transactions when such issues were caused by abnormal and
unforeseeable circumstances beyond our control.

#### Signature

In instances where we are required to collect your signature to meet anti-money
laundering and/or other legal requirements, we may (where not prohibited by
applicable law) treat your acceptance of these Payments Terms of Use as the
equivalent of you providing us your signature.

### 8. Specific Payment Methods

#### 8.1 Specific Payment Methods

On certain eBay sites in the EU and UK, buyers may be able to choose specific
payment methods, including but not limited to direct debit, payment by invoice,
or installment payments (“Specific Payment Methods”), to pay for items purchased
from you, and which require you to assign your purchase claim against the buyer
to us. The Specific Payment Methods are offered to buyers by our integrated
payment partners (“Payment Partners”). See here for a list of the Specific
Payment methods offered on the respective eBay websites and the respective
Partner Terms.

If your buyer chooses a Specific Payment Method in connection with a purchase on
eBay (“Sales Contract”), the Responsible Payment Entity processing the
transaction (see Part I, Section 2) will acquire your purchase price claim
against the buyer, including all ancillary rights, and will sell and assign the
claim to its acquirer (“Acquirer”), e.g., Adyen N.V. The Acquirer will sell and
assign the purchased claim to the respective Payment Partner, who will assume
the payment default risk in accordance with the following provisions. This
arrangement is referred to as “Chain Assignment”. Buyers using a Specific
Payment Method will make their payments to the Payment Partner, who will forward
the payments to the Responsible Payment Entity via the Acquirer, so that the
Responsible Payment Entity can process and settle such payments to you according
to these Payments Terms of Use.

You shall conclude with your buyer the Payment Partners’ terms and conditions
for the use of the Specific Payment Method, including any applicable privacy
notice (“Partner Terms”). You hereby agree and accept that the respective
Partner Terms shall become an integral part of each Sales Contract where the
buyer uses a Specific Payment Method. You instruct eBay and the Payment Partners
to implement the Partner Terms into the eBay checkout and make the Partner Terms
available to the buyer on your behalf.

The Payment Partners and the Acquirer will not be a party to and not have any
obligation under these Payments Terms of Use or any other agreement between you
and the Responsible Payment Entity, eBay, the buyer, or any third party.

#### 8.2 Purchase and Assignment of Seller Receivables

You agree that each receivable against your respective buyer in connection with
a Sales Contract where your buyer has chosen a Specific Payment Method (jointly
the “Seller Receivables” and each a “Seller Receivable”) will automatically be
offered to the Responsible Payment Entity for purchase after conclusion of each
Sales Contract. The Responsible Payment Entity will either accept your offer by
proceeding with the payment process or reject your offer. Such offer and
acceptance will conclude a purchase agreement between you and the Responsible
Payment Entity (“Single Purchase Agreement”) regarding the relevant Seller
Receivable which is purchased (the “Purchased Receivable”) in accordance with
this Section 8.

You hereby assign, subject to the conclusion of a Single Purchase Agreement, all
your current and future Seller Receivables including ancillary rights (such as
rights for any securities, transport and deficiency insurance claims, withdrawal
or rescission rights, or other claims against third parties with respect to the
relevant Seller Receivable) to the Responsible Payment Entity, which hereby
accepts the assignment. Upon conclusion of a Single Purchase Agreement, you and
the Responsible Payment Entity reiterate the assignment of the relevant
receivable identified through the transaction-ID in the purchase offer whereby
the purchase offer constitutes an offer to assign the relevant receivable from
you to the Responsible Payment Entity and the acceptance of purchase offer
constitutes an acceptance of this offer by the Responsible Payment Entity.

In case there is any doubt about the validity of the assignment of the Seller
Receivables and this requires any further declaration or action by you, you will
execute such declaration or action upon request of the Responsible Payment
Entity.

You irrevocably authorize the Responsible Payment Entity with the power of sub-
delegation to notify the relevant buyer regarding the assignment of the Seller
Receivable and to exercise non-assignable rights, such as contractual rights, in
connection with the Seller Receivables in its own name.

#### 8.3 Collection Risk/Collection

Except in a case of a Defect Receivable pursuant to Section 8.5, the Responsible
Payment Entity bears the risk that the Purchased Receivables are not collectable
from the respective buyer in part or in full, in particular caused by the
insolvency of the buyer. The Responsible Payment Entity will pay the purchase
price (minus the agreed fees and expenses) for the relevant Purchased Receivable
regardless of whether it chooses to enforce the relevant Purchased Receivable.

The collection and enforcement of the Purchased Receivables is the
responsibility of the Responsible Payment Entity which shall bear any and all
costs in this regard. The Responsible Payment Entity will transfer the economic
risks of the obligations described in the sections above to the Acquirer and
consequently to the Payment Partners in accordance with the Chain Assignment
arrangement.

#### 8.4 Representations and Warranties

Every time upon entering into a Single Purchase Agreement concerning a Purchased
Receivable, you represent and warrant to the Responsible Payment Entity that

  * the Purchased Receivable is valid, validly assigned to the Responsible Payment Entity, and enforceable against the buyer;
  * you hold free and clear title to, and may freely assign and transfer, the Purchased Receivable, and the Purchased Receivable has not yet been assigned or transferred to third parties; and
  * you will ship, deliver, or provide the respective item(s) to the relevant buyer completely, on time and in accordance with the Sales Contract with the respective buyer in order that the respective buyer is not able to exercise any right or claim of retention, set off, supplementary performance, reduction, recession right or damage claims. 

Your representations and warranties with respect to a Single Purchase Agreement
will be provided by the Responsible Payment Entity to the Acquirer (and by the
Acquirer to the Payment Partners) back-to-back in accordance with the Chain
Assignment arrangement.

#### 8.5 Assignment of Purchased Receivables back to You/Disputes

If the relevant Purchased Receivable fulfills one of the following criteria (the
“Defect Receivable”):

  * the buyer reverses the Sales Contract on the basis of a mandatory withdrawal right or a voluntary right of return offered by you;
  * in case of an eMBG claim or a payment dispute; for example, if the buyer objects to a Purchased Receivable, if, upon request, you do not provide valid proof of shipment or delivery or other proper performance to the Responsible Payment Entity in accordance with the Seller Protection Policy; 
  * you are in breach of a representation and warranty pursuant to Section 8.4 in respect of the Purchased Receivable;

or in any other case where you give a refund to a buyer for any Purchased
Receivable (“Refunded Receivable”), and the Acquirer consequently decides to use
its right to assign back the relevant Defect/Refunded Receivable to the
Responsible Payment Entity, the Responsible Payment Entity is entitled to assign
back any Defect/Refunded Receivable to you.

The Responsible Payment Entity hereby assigns all current and future
Defect/Refunded Receivables to you subject to the condition precedent that we
notify you of the refund to the buyer in relation to a Defect or Refund
Receivable (the “Reassignment Notice”), and you hereby accept the assignment of
all current and future Defect/Refunded Receivables. You are obliged to pay back
any purchase price which you have received from the Responsible Payment Entity
for the Defect/Refunded Receivable without undue delay after the relevant Re-
Assignment Notice was provided. The Responsible Payment Entity is entitled to
set off this claim against you with any further payment it is obliged to pay to
you.

#### 8.6 Information and Assistance Obligations/General Provisions

You shall undertake to inform the Responsible Payment Entity promptly upon
becoming aware of (i) any breach of a representation and warranty according to
Section 8.4 regarding any Purchased Receivable or (ii) any other event that may
materially impair or jeopardise the realisation of the Purchased Receivables or
might materially change your solvency or, subject to you becoming aware of it,
the probability of payment of the Purchased Receivables by the buyer.

In case you receive any direct payments from a buyer on the Purchased
Receivable, you shall reject these received payments and refund the buyer, and
notify the payer that payment shall be made to the respective Payment Partner.
You shall notify the Responsible Payment Entity of any rejected payments on the
Purchased Receivables.

Upon our request, you shall promptly hand over to the Responsible Payment
Entity, the Acquirer, and/or the Payment Partners any information, records and
documents which are necessary or expedient for the examination and the
enforcement of the Purchased Receivables.

### 9. Security; Third-Party Providers; Data Protection

#### Security

You acknowledge the importance of the security measures we put in place with
regards to Managed Payments, and agree to comply with them. You are responsible
for maintaining the security of all passwords, codes, or other login credentials
used to access your eBay account and the related Payment Services and, subject
to eBay's seller protection policies, for any transactions made or actions taken
using your eBay account.

If you become aware of an unauthorized payment transaction or of a delayed or
incorrectly executed transaction, you must notify us immediately by using a
contact method stated in the “Introduction” of these Payments Terms of Use,
above. If you notify us by telephone of such a transaction, we may request
written confirmation immediately following the notification. The notification
shall be free of charge.

#### Third-Party Providers

We may use our Affiliates or third-party service providers (for example
companies that process payments and disburse settlements, perform risk
assessments or compliance checks, verify identity, or validate payment or
settlement methods) in different locations to assist us in providing Managed
Payments. Our Affiliates or third-party service providers may further outsource
the services to other eBay Affiliates or third-party service providers. In this
context we may transfer your data to such eBay Affiliates or third-party service
providers to whom services are outsourced. At times, we may communicate to you
through the eBay Affiliate which provides the eBay Services to you. For example,
our Affiliate may notify you of a hold or other restrictions taken on your
account. As relating to outsourced services, you hereby explicitly agree to our
use of such eBay Affiliates or third-party service providers to assist us in
providing Managed Payments and the outsourcing of services in relation thereto
(including the right to sub-outsource), and you accept that the obligation of
secrecy does not exist with respect to the related transfer of data (e.g.
contact details, account information, sales related information) to such eBay
Affiliates and third-party service providers. Our Affiliates and third-party
service providers are either subject by law to a professional secrecy
obligation, as provided by the law applicable to the eBay Affiliates or third-
party service providers, or will be contractually bound to comply with strict
confidentiality rules. Customer data transferred in accordance with these
purposes will only be accessible to a limited number of persons within the
relevant eBay Affiliates or third-party service providers, on a need to know
basis. Regardless of whether we use eBay Affiliates or third-party service
providers, the appropriate eBay Payment Entity remains responsible to you for
the performance of the services contemplated under these Payments Terms of Use.

In conformity with our User Privacy Notice, we may also share information
collected by us pursuant to these Payments Terms of Use with our Affiliates as
necessary to enable your continued use of our Payment Services and the eBay
Services. Please view our User Privacy Notice for more information on the
collection and processing of personal data, including details on processing
purposes and legal bases under applicable data protection laws.

#### Data Protection

Our performance of Payment Services entails the processing of your buyer’s
personal data when a sale happens. With respect to such data processing, you,
the Responsible Payment Entity, and the Payout Entity each act as a separate
data controller/business under applicable data protection laws. You agree to
comply with your obligations as a data controller/business pursuant to all
applicable data protection laws to which you are subject, and provide us with
all reasonable cooperation, information, and assistance as necessary for us to
meet our requirements as a data controller/business.

### 10. Collection of Fees and Other Amounts You Owe

You authorize us to collect from you any amounts you owe us, our Affiliates (in
particular the Affiliate which provides the eBay Services to you), or third
parties who, as separately authorized by you, provide services to you in
connection with your use of the eBay Services (such as shipping carriers), under
these Payments Terms of Use, the  User Agreement, any other service contract,
policy, agreement or as required by law (referred to as “**Owed Amounts** ”).
Owed Amounts typically include the following:

  * Fees;
  * Amounts as described in “Returns and Cancellations; Refunds”, “Disputes” or “Fines, Penalties and Losses” in Section 7 above;
  * Amounts you owe the eMBG Service Provider under the applicable eMBG Policy;
  * Taxes or other charges related to your use of our or our Affiliates' services, if applicable and required by law; and
  * Amounts we incorrectly settled to you due to a payment processing error or otherwise (see Section 1 above).

For clarity, your authorization permits us to collect amounts which you already
owe to us, our Affiliates or third parties as described above. This
authorization does not establish any new claims for payment against you. In some
cases, our Affiliates may assign a claim against you for payment of Owed Amounts
payable by you to us.

Collection of the Owed Amounts may be carried out on a one-time, sporadic, or
recurring basis by the following means:

  * Retaining such amounts from your current or future disbursements relating to any transactions that you may have in connection with any eBay account owned by you;
  * Recouping from your Linked Financial Account (and if required, by issuing a direct debit mandate or other similar authorization);
  * Recouping from any other payment instrument or payment method you may have authorized or placed on file with us or our Affiliates (for example, to pay for seller fees, shipping labels, or dispute resolution);
  * Recouping from your stored value account, if a stored value account has been issued to you;
  * Recouping from your payment account, if a payment account has been issued to you; and
  * Retaining collections agencies or using other collections methods, if the collection by other means has been unsuccessful.

You authorize us to choose the method of collection among those listed above. We
generally deduct Owed Amounts from your current or future disbursements we
process on your behalf. If a stored value account or payment account has been
issued to you, we will deduct the Owed Amounts from funds held in the relevant
stored value account or payment account before disbursing the funds to you. If
your disbursements awaiting payout or funds held are not sufficient to cover
these amounts, we will charge your Linked Financial Account or another payment
method on file. If you have several payment instruments on file, you may
indicate a specific payment instrument as your preferred payment method for
collecting Owed Amounts in your eBay account.

You also authorize the Affiliate whom you have entered into the User Agreement
with for the provision of eBay Services to charge you for any Owed Amounts on
our behalf from any payment method you may have on file with such Affiliate.

If you provide us with a SEPA/BACS direct debit mandate for debiting Owed
Amounts from your bank account, any required advance notice will be given to you
at least three days prior to charging your bank account. At any point prior to
you explicitly cancelling a SEPA/BACS direct debit mandate we have obtained from
you, we may deduct Owed Amounts based on such mandate. Unless you are a consumer
in the EU or UK, you waive, to the extent possible under applicable law, any
rights you may have to receive advance notice of any particular preauthorized
charge.

If our attempt to recoup an Owed Amount from a payment instrument you have
authorized us to use fails as a result of your acts or omissions, we may charge
you for the failed attempt as set forth on the Fee Page or as applicable in
Parts IV and V below.

### 11. Amendment

#### All sellers (except consumers in Germany)

We may amend these Payments Terms of Use by notifying you of the changes in
writing (for example, by posting a revised version of these Payments Terms of
Use on our website, including the Seller Hub or the eBay Message Center). Before
the anticipated effective date of such change, we will notify you at least
fourteen (14) days prior, or

  1. if your Payout Entity is eBay Sarl, then two (2) months prior,
  2. if your Payout Entity is ECUK and you are a consumer, micro-enterprise or charity, then two (2) months prior,
  3. if your Payout Entity is ECA, then thirty (30) days prior.

If you are a consumer (i.e., not a business) outside of Germany whose Payout
Entity is eBay Sarl or ECUK, you will be deemed to have consented to these
changes unless you explicitly reject them before the anticipated effective date.
For all other sellers, your continued use of Managed Payments beyond the
effective date of the changes will constitute your acceptance of the changes.

#### Consumers in Germany

If you are a consumer in Germany, we may offer you changes to these Payments
Terms of Use at any time. We will be notifying you in text-form, for example via
email, and/or the Seller Hub or the eBay Message Center of any proposed changes
at least two (2) months before the anticipated effective date of such change.

The changes offered to you shall only become effective if you accept them as
follows:

  * If a proposed change is a material change (as defined below), we will ask for your active consent to such a change.
  * If a proposed change is not a material change, you will be deemed to have consented to these changes unless you explicitly reject them by notice to us in text form (e.g. via email) before the anticipated effective date. In case of such changes, we will inform you in the notice with which we offer you the changes about the right of rejection, the period of time and your termination right (see subsection below). 

A “material change” is a change of these Payments Terms of Use (especially with
respect to provisions defining the type and general scope of the agreed services
or the term and termination) in our favor, which would significantly shift the
balance between service and remuneration to your disadvantage or would
effectively establish an entirely new contract.

A change which is due to a requirement of law, a legally binding court decision
or an injunction does not constitute a material change.

#### Termination right in case of amendments (all sellers)

If you do not agree to proposed changes, you may terminate these Payments Terms
of Use, pursuant to Section 12 (“Term, Termination”) below, without any extra
cost at any time before the effective date. We always publish the amended
Payments Terms of Use on the eBay website.

### 12. Term, Termination

These Payments Terms of Use are effective indefinitely, unless terminated in
accordance with the below.

We may terminate these Payments Terms of Use by giving written notice fourteen
(14) days prior or if eBay Sarl or ECUK is your Payout Entity, then two (2)
months prior via email to your registered email address. However, we may also
terminate these Payments Terms of Use on less notice or with immediate effect in
the following scenarios:

  * We are required to do so by law or a court order,
  * A governmental authority requires us to do so to comply with anti-money laundering or counter-terrorism financing obligations,
  * We have reasonable grounds to believe you are carrying out a prohibited or illegal activity (including, but not limited to, financial crimes such as fraud, bribery, corruption money laundering, or sanctions violations),
  * We are unable to verify your or your business's identity, or any other information pertaining to you, or
  * You are otherwise in breach of a material contractual obligation of these Payments Terms of Use, or seriously or persistently violating any provisions of these terms in any other way.

If eBay Sarl or ECUK is your Payout Entity, you may terminate these Payments
Terms of Use and close your payment account, without prejudice to the
termination events foreseen above, by giving one (1) month notice by notifying
eBay Sarl preferably via email at payments@ebay.de or ECUK at
Paymentsinfouk@ebay.co.uk or by contacting the Customer Service via any of the
available communication methods (e.g. Contact Us form, chat).

If eBay Sarl or ECUK is not your Payout Entity, you may terminate these Payments
Terms of Use by closing your eBay account; if you use Managed Payments after
such termination, you will be deemed to have again accepted these Payments Terms
of Use.

If you give notice of termination to one eBay Payment Entity, such notice shall
also be deemed as a termination notice to the remaining eBay Payment Entities.

Your use of the eBay Services as a seller requires continued registration for
Managed Payments. Should you therefore terminate this agreement, you will not be
able to use the eBay Services provided by our Affiliates. Our Affiliates which
provide you the eBay Services according to the User Agreement may terminate the
User Agreement pursuant to the termination provisions therein.

Termination of this Agreement shall not affect the rights or liabilities of
either party accrued until termination and/or any terms intended (expressly or
implicitly) to survive termination, including your obligation to pay amounts
owed to us relating to your activities prior to termination and our right to
collect from you such amounts in accordance with these Payments Terms of Use. If
there are pending payment transactions at the time the termination takes effect,
they will be processed pursuant to terms of these Payments Terms of Use unless
prohibited by law. As of the effective date of the termination, you will not be
able to sell any items on eBay Services anymore.

### 13. Assignment

In our sole discretion, we may assign our rights and obligations under these
Payments Terms of Use and, in such event, we will notify you accordingly.

## II. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY eCI

In addition to the General Payments Terms above, the following provisions apply
with respect to Payment Services you receive from eCI. Within this section, “we”
or “us” refers to eCI.

As between you and eCI, these Payments Terms of Use incorporate by this
reference the provisions of the User Agreement to the extent applicable to this
agreement. In the event of any conflict between the User Agreement and these
Payments Terms of Use, these Payments Terms of Use will govern.

We may change, discontinue, enhance, or modify features of Managed Payments at
any time.

### 1. Appointment of eCI as Agent

**eCI will receive payments on your behalf as your agent. You hereby appoint eCI
as your agent for the limited purpose of receiving, holding and settling
payments for Managed Payments transactions.**

A payment received by us from a buyer, on your behalf, satisfies the buyer's
obligation to you in the amount of the payment received, regardless of whether
we actually settle such payment to you. In the event that we do not make any
such payment to you as described in these Payments Terms of Use, you will have
recourse against us only and not against the buyer, as such payment is deemed to
be made by the buyer to you upon receipt by us. To the extent permissible under
the rules of any third-party or governmental body with jurisdiction over us, you
agree that we are not liable for your acts and omissions and you understand that
we disclaim any such liability.

### 2. Receipt and Settlement of Funds

After a Managed Payments transaction occurs, you will receive a notification
confirming such payment transaction. **In certain instances, your transaction
may be declined, frozen, or held for any reason including for suspected fraud,
high risk or potential violation of any regulation, compliance with economic or
trade sanctions, eBay or eCI policies, or a policy of one of our third-party
payments services providers.**

Funds received by us on your behalf represent an unsecured claim for payment
against us, but do not constitute deposits; nor are these amounts eligible for
FDIC pass-through insurance. eCI may combine your funds with the funds of other
eCI customers in pooled custodial accounts and invest the funds in accordance
with state money transmitter laws. You do not have any ownership interest in
these investments and any interest earned from these investments will be
retained by us. To the extent you may have any beneficial ownership in the
interest or proceeds of these investments, your acceptance of these terms
constitutes an assignment of any right, title or interest therein to us.

Unless subject to a hold in accordance with these Payments Terms of Use,
proceeds from your sales on eBay will typically appear in your payment summary
(or your stored value account, if you have opened a stored value with with us)
and become available for disbursement within one to two business days of
confirming the buyer’s payment. In some cases (for example, if you are a new
seller on eBay), funds may become available for disbursement after the items
have been deemed delivered to their shipping destination as described in this
help page. Once available for disbursement, proceeds will be aggregated in a
batch settlement to your Linked Financial Account when you request an on-demand
payout or upon the next date of your scheduled payout. Transaction proceeds will
generally settle within three business days of initiating disbursement to you
although actual settlement times may vary for individual transactions based on
your bank’s processing times. Notwithstanding the foregoing, when you onboard to
Managed Payments, we may initially place you on a different payout schedule (no
less frequently than monthly) and will communicate the applicable payout
schedule to you in My eBay or Seller Hub.

We may diverge from this procedure as needed for compliance or operational
reasons. If we are unable to settle the Managed Payments proceeds, then,
depending on the reason why we are unable to settle the proceeds, we may refund
the buyer or otherwise process these funds in accordance with applicable law,
including abandoned property laws, such as by escheating funds to a governmental
body after the passage of an applicable period of time, or our policies.

eBay may be required to issue information return(s) to you related to payments
made to you during a calendar year, such as IRS Forms 1099. Your acceptance of
these Payments Terms of Use and continued use of our Payment Services evidence
your agreement to receive any information return, such as Forms 1099-K or any
other Form 1099 required to be issued to you, electronically. You may access an
electronic copy of Forms 1099 by downloading the form where it is made available
to you in Seller Hub. You can choose to receive paper information returns mailed
to you by opting out of paperless-only delivery. The elections will be effective
for current and future years unless you change your election. You will not
receive any information returns in the mail unless you’ve opted out of
electronic delivery by December 31, or we are otherwise required to send a paper
copy of your information return by mail.

### 3. Authorization for Collection of Owed Amounts

**You hereby authorize eCI to debit or charge any Owed Amount from your Linked
Financial Account or any other payment method you have on file with us,
including your stored value account (if stored value has been issued to you).
Your authorization will remain in full force and effect until the earlier
occurrence of: our receipt from you of any written communication that revokes
such authorization, or upon the closure or termination of your eBay account.**

To the extent permitted by law, you hereby irrevocably sell, assign, grant,
convey and transfer to eBay and its Affiliates, as applicable, all of your
rights, title, and interests in any and all accounts receivable, payments of
money, and general intangibles owed in your favor to satisfy any and all
obligations or liabilities you owe to eBay or its applicable Affiliate in
connection with your use of Managed Payments and eBay Services for the sale of
goods or services to your Buyers.

### 4. Legal Disputes

**PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL HAVE A
SUBSTANTIAL IMPACT ON HOW CLAIMS YOU AND eCI HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE
RESOLVED.**

**You and eCI agree that any claim or dispute at law or equity that has arisen,
or may arise, between you and eCI (or any related third parties) that relates in
any way to or arises out of this or previous versions of these Payments Terms of
Use, your use of or access to Managed Payments, or the actions of eCI or its
agents, will be resolved in accordance with the provisions set forth in this
Legal Disputes Section. Any translation of these Payments Terms of Use and all
related documents is done for our users’ convenience and in the event of a
dispute between the English and any Chinese-language versions, the English
version of these Payments Terms of Use and all related documents shall govern.**

#### A. Applicable Law

You agree that, except to the extent inconsistent with or preempted by federal
law, the laws of the State of Utah, without regard to principles of conflict of
laws, will govern these Payments Terms of Use and any claim or dispute that has
arisen or may arise between you and eCI, except as otherwise stated in these
Payments Terms of Use.

#### B. Agreement to Arbitrate

**You and eCI each agree that any and all disputes or claims that have arisen,
or may arise, between you and eCI (or any related third parties) that relate in
any way to or arise out of this or previous versions of these Payments Terms of
Use, your use of or access to Managed Payments, the actions of eCI or its
agents, or any products or services sold, offered, or purchased through the
Services shall be resolved exclusively through final and binding arbitration,
rather than in court. In this Legal Disputes Section, the term “related third
parties” includes your and eCI’s respective affiliates, subsidiaries, parent
companies, predecessors, successors, assigns, as well as your, eCI’s, and these
entities’ employees and agents. Alternatively, you may assert your claims in
small claims court, if your claims qualify and so long as the matter remains in
such court and advances only on an individual (non-class, non-representative)
basis. The Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of
this Agreement to Arbitrate.**

  1. ##### Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief
**YOU AND ECI AGREE THAT EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON
AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED
CLASS, OR REPRESENTATIVE OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
UNLESS BOTH YOU AND ECI AGREE OTHERWISE, THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR
JOIN MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S OR PARTY'S CLAIMS, AND MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE
OVER ANY FORM OF A CONSOLIDATED, REPRESENTATIVE, CLASS, OR PRIVATE ATTORNEY
GENERAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING. ALSO, THE ARBITRATOR MAY AWARD RELIEF (INCLUDING
MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ONLY IN FAVOR OF THE INDIVIDUAL
PARTY SEEKING RELIEF AND ONLY TO THE EXTENT NECESSARY TO PROVIDE RELIEF
NECESSITATED BY THAT PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CLAIM(S). ANY RELIEF AWARDED CANNOT
AFFECT OTHER USERS.** If a court decides that applicable law precludes
enforcement of any of this paragraph's limitations as to a particular claim or a
particular request for a remedy (such as a request for injunctive relief), then
that claim or that remedy request (and only that claim or that remedy request)
must be severed from the arbitration and may be brought in court, subject to
your and eCI’s right to appeal the court's decision. All other claims will be
arbitrated.

  2. ##### Arbitration Procedures
Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral
arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and court review of an arbitration award
is very limited. However, an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief on
an individualized basis that a court can award to an individual. An arbitrator
should apply the terms of these Payments Terms of Use as a court would. All
issues are for the arbitrator to decide, except that issues relating to
arbitrability, the scope or enforceability of this Agreement to Arbitrate, or
the interpretation of Section 1 of this Agreement to Arbitrate ("Prohibition of
Class and Representative Actions and Non-Individualized Relief"), shall be for a
court of competent jurisdiction to decide.

The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association
("AAA") under its rules and procedures, including the AAA's Consumer Arbitration
Rules and the AAA's Commercial Arbitration Rules (as applicable), as modified by
this Agreement to Arbitrate. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org. In
the event that the AAA is unavailable to administer the arbitration, another
administrator will be selected by the parties or the court.

A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by
certified mail, a valid Notice of Dispute ("Notice"), which may be downloaded at
this link: http://p.ebaystatic.com/aw/help/legal/Notice_of_Dispute.pdf. The
Notice to eCI must be sent to eBay Inc., Attn: Litigation Department, Re: Notice
of Dispute, 583 W. eBay Way, Draper, UT 84020. Any such Notice addressed to and
received by eBay will also be deemed to be received by eCI, if such Notice
regards services offered by eCI. eCI will send any Notice to you to the physical
address we have on file associated with your eBay account; it is your
responsibility to keep your physical address up to date. To be valid, you must
personally sign the Notice and complete all information on the Notice form,
including a description of the nature and basis of the claims the party is
asserting, the specific relief sought, and the email address and phone number
associated with your account.

If you and eCI are unable to resolve the claims described in a valid Notice
within 30 days after eCI receives the Notice, you or eCI may initiate
arbitration proceedings. A form for initiating arbitration proceedings is
available on the AAA's site at www.adr.org. In addition to filing this form with
the AAA in accordance with its rules and procedures, the party initiating the
arbitration must mail a copy of the completed form to the opposing party. You
may send a copy to eCI at the following address: eBay Commerce Inc. c/o CT
Corporation System, 1108 E South Union Ave., Midvale, UT 84047. In the event eCI
initiates an arbitration against you, it will send a copy of the completed form
to the physical address we have on file associated with your eBay account. Any
settlement offer made by you or eCI shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator.

Where no disclosed claims or counterclaims exceed $25,000, the dispute shall be
resolved by the submission of documents only, subject to the arbitrator's
discretion to require an in-person hearing, if the circumstances warrant. In
cases where an in-person hearing is held, you and/or eCI may attend by
telephone, unless the arbitrator requires otherwise.

The arbitrator will decide the substance of all claims in accordance with
applicable law, including recognized principles of equity, and will honor all
claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator shall not be bound by
rulings in prior arbitrations involving different users, but is bound by rulings
in prior arbitrations involving the same eCI user to the extent required by
applicable law. The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and judgment
on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof.

  3. ##### Costs of Arbitration
Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by
the AAA's rules, unless otherwise stated in this Agreement to Arbitrate. If you
complied with the Notice of Dispute procedures of Section 2 of this Agreement to
Arbitrate (“Arbitration Procedures”) and the value of the relief sought is
$10,000 or less, at your request, eCI will pay all administration, and
arbitrator fees associated with the arbitration. Any request for payment of fees
by eCI should be submitted by mail to the AAA along with your Demand for
Arbitration and eCI will make arrangements to pay administration and arbitrator
fees directly to the AAA. In the event the arbitrator determines the claim(s)
you assert in the arbitration to be frivolous, you agree to reimburse eCI for
all fees associated with the arbitration paid by eCI on your behalf that you
otherwise would be obligated to pay under the AAA's rules. eCI will pay as much
of the filing, administration, and arbitrator fees as the arbitrator deems
necessary to prevent the cost of accessing the arbitration forum from being
prohibitive.

  4. ##### Severability
With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 1 of this Agreement to
Arbitrate ("Prohibition of Class and Representative Actions and Non-
Individualized Relief"), if an arbitrator or court decides that any part of this
Agreement to Arbitrate is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of this
Agreement to Arbitrate shall still apply.

  5. ##### Opt-Out Procedure
**IF YOU ARE A NEW USER OF OUR PAYMENT SERVICES, YOU CAN CHOOSE TO REJECT THIS
AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE ("OPT-OUT") BY MAILING US A WRITTEN OPT-OUT NOTICE ("OPT-
OUT NOTICE"). THE OPT-OUT NOTICE MUST BE POSTMARKED NO LATER THAN 30 DAYS AFTER
THE DATE YOU ACCEPT THESE PAYMENTS TERMS OF USE FOR THE FIRST TIME. YOU MUST
MAIL THE OPT-OUT NOTICE TO EBAY INC., ATTN: LITIGATION DEPARTMENT, RE: OPT-OUT
NOTICE, 583 WEST EBAY WAY, DRAPER, UT 84020. ANY SUCH OPT-OUT NOTICE ADDRESSED
TO AND RECEIVED BY EBAY WILL ALSO BE DEEMED TO BE RECEIVED BY ECI, IF SUCH OPT-
OUT NOTICE REGARDS SERVICES OFFERED BY ECI.**

For your convenience, we are providing an Opt-Out Notice form. You must complete
and mail that to us in order to opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate. You must
complete the Opt-Out Notice form by providing the information called for in the
form, including your name, address (including street address, city, state and
zip code), and the user ID(s) and email address(es) associated with the eBay
Service account(s) to which the opt-out applies. You must sign the Opt-Out
Notice for it to be effective. This procedure is the only way you can opt out of
the Agreement to Arbitrate. If you opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate, all
other parts of these Payments Terms of Use and its Legal Disputes Section will
continue to apply to you. Opting out of this Agreement to Arbitrate has no
effect on any previous, other, or future arbitration agreements that you may
have with us.

  6. ##### Future Amendments to the Agreement to Arbitrate
Notwithstanding any provision in the User Agreement or these Payments Terms of
Use to the contrary, you and we agree that if we make any amendment to this
Agreement to Arbitrate (other than an amendment to any notice address or site
link provided herein) in the future, that amendment shall not apply to any claim
that was filed in a legal proceeding against eCI prior to the effective date of
the amendment. The amendment shall apply to all other disputes or claims
governed by the Agreement to Arbitrate that have arisen or may arise between you
and eCI. We will notify you of amendments to this Agreement to Arbitrate by
posting the amended terms on www.eBay.com at least 30 days before the effective
date of the amendments and by providing notice through the eBay Message Center
and/or by email. If you do not agree to these amended terms, you may close your
account within the 30-day period and you will not be bound by the amended terms.

#### C. Judicial Forum for Legal Disputes

Unless you and we agree otherwise, in the event that the Agreement to Arbitrate
above is found not to apply to you or to a particular claim or dispute, either
as a result of your decision to opt out of the Agreement to Arbitrate or as a
result of a decision by the arbitrator or a court order, you agree that any
claim or dispute that has arisen or may arise between you and eCI must be
resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Salt Lake County,
Utah. You and eCI agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts
located within Salt Lake County, Utah for the purpose of litigating all such
claims or disputes.

## III. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY EBAY SARL

In addition to the General Payments Terms above, the following provisions apply
with respect to Payment Services you receive from eBay Sarl. Within this
section, “we” or “us” refers to eBay Sarl.

As between you and eBay Sarl, these Payments Terms of Use incorporate by this
reference the provisions of the User Agreement to the extent applicable to this
agreement. In the event of any conflict between the User Agreement and these
Payments Terms of Use, these Payments Terms of Use will govern.

### 1. Payment Service; Disabling Payment Methods

You authorize eBay Sarl to acquire and settle payments that it receives on your
behalf. When you sell an item on eBay, you are deemed to be a payee, with eBay
Sarl acting as your payment service provider. In a refund, chargeback, or
similar scenario, or if you use your funds to pay, you may be deemed to be a
payer, again with eBay Sarl acting as your payment service provider. If eBay
Sarl is your Payout Entity, eBay Sarl will open and hold a payment account for
you.

The acceptance of a buyer's payment instrument (for example, their Visa card),
once it has been authorized for payment, satisfies the buyer's payment
obligation to you, regardless of whether we actually settle such payment to you.
In the event that we do not make any such payment to you as described in these
Payments Terms of Use, you will have recourse against us only and not against
the buyer. To the extent permissible under the rules of any third-party or
governmental body with jurisdiction over us, you agree that we are not liable
for your acts and omissions and you understand that we disclaim any such
liability.

We may disable specific payment method(s) available to buyers for all or some of
your listings if we reasonably believe the use of such payment methods for your
transactions will increase regulatory, financial, or other risk to us. For
example, if you would like to offer a high-priced item with a new eBay account,
we may disable such payment methods where the amount is credited with a time
delay after the transaction (e.g. direct debit or payment upon invoice). In
assessing the risk, we consider relevant factors such as your sales history,
service status, eBay account history, risks associated with certain item
categories, transaction value, and number and monetary amounts of eMBG cases. We
will re-enable the affected payment method(s) for your listings once the risk no
longer exists.

### 2. Execution of Payment Transactions

When you, as a payee or payer, use Managed Payments, the payment transactions
will be executed in accordance with the payment schemes rules and procedures, or
as otherwise agreed.

#### Required Information

Your payer (for example, the buyer of an item you sell on eBay) must ensure we
are provided with the data required for us to execute the payment transaction.
If we do not have sufficient data to execute such transaction, we reserve the
right to ask your payer's payment service provider for the required information.

We require the following information for the execution of a payment transaction:

  * Your name,
  * Your eBay username,
  * The buyer's name (where applicable),
  * The buyer's eBay username, and any other data about the buyer which the buyer's payment service provider or we may require (where applicable),
  * The currency of the payment transaction (if possible, in abbreviated form),
  * The amount of the payment transaction, and
  * The beneficiary's payment details.

We may also require specific information, such as a one-time authorization code
sent to your verified phone number or email address, to authenticate a payment
transaction (or to allow you to access certain information related to Managed
Payments on eBay).

To the extent reasonably possible, we will automatically utilize the information
stored in our systems. Where the required information provided by you or your
payer is not fully available or is inaccurate, we will not bear any liability
for any damage, delay, or other consequence from the non-execution or defective
execution of the relevant payment transaction.

#### Receipt of Payment Orders

A payment order will be deemed to have been received by us if:

  * Carried out by means of a payment card, then in accordance with the card schemes rules; or
  * Received by our available electronic communication channels, then on the business day when it is actually received by us.

If the payment order is not received on a business day, it will be deemed to be
received on the next business day. “Business days” in this Part III of these
Payments Terms of Use shall mean the days on which banks in Luxembourg are open
for regular business.

You may not revoke a payment order after we have received it. However, if we
have agreed that a payment order will be executed on a certain future date, the
business day prior to this future date will be the latest you can revoke the
payment order.

#### Refusal of Payment Orders

We reserve the right to refuse the execution of a payment order when:

  * The payment order information contains factual errors and/or is incomplete;
  * You have not satisfied your obligations under these Payments Terms of Use or any other agreement between you and us;
  * There are doubts about the validity of the instruction, or the identity or authority of the person giving the payment order; or
  * The payment order, if executed, would lead to a breach of the applicable rules, laws, or regulations.

We may charge a reasonable fee for such a refusal.

You acknowledge that when executing a payment transaction, we may have to
disclose information mentioned above and your legal address to the other party’s
payment service provider and, where relevant, also to intermediaries involved in
the execution of the payment transaction. You expressly accept and instruct us
to disclose such data.

Where you are the payer, the execution of the transaction may depend on us
having received the respective amount from you prior to the execution.

### 3. Settlement of Funds

If we are your Payout Entity, we will initiate settlement of proceeds received
to your Linked Financial Account. Your payments will generally be initiated
either automatically according to the schedule you have pre-selected or “on
demand” based on an individual payment instruction we receive from you. However,
if your payment account is not configured to include a regularly scheduled
settlement, we may periodically sweep available funds out of your payment
account and send them to your Linked Financial Account.

Your transaction proceeds, other than those being held in accordance with these
Payments Terms of Use, will be aggregated to a batch for settlement to you
according to the payout schedule agreed with you. For example, if you select
weekly payouts, a single settlement will be initiated automatically once a week
for all transactions ready for disbursement to you on that day. If you request a
payout on demand, a single settlement will be initiated for all transactions
ready for disbursement to you on that day. You may be able to choose to have
only a portion of your available transaction proceeds paid out to your Linked
Financial Account, leaving the rest in your payment account. We anticipate that
your transaction proceeds will be available on your payment account and ready
for disbursement approximately one to two business days after the buyer's
completion of the order, although actual availability may vary for individual
transactions depending on the buyer’s payment method, and when the payment
transaction is received by us. We may diverge from the agreed settlement process
as needed for compliance or risk reasons. The balance on your payment account is
not a deposit. You will not receive interest or any other earnings on the money
held in your payment account.

If we are unable to settle your proceeds, then, depending on the reason why we
are unable to settle your proceeds, we may refund the buyer (e.g., in the event
that we cannot process your information due to technical reasons etc.) or
otherwise process these funds in accordance with applicable law.

We will provide you with monthly statements of your transactions free of charge,
which can be accessed in the Seller Hub.

### 4. Liability for Unauthorized Payment Transactions

You will be fully liable for all losses relating to an unauthorized payment
transaction if you acted fraudulently with respect to such a payment
transaction, or if you failed to fulfill one or more of the obligations under
this agreement (such as keeping your credentials safe or notifying us without
undue delay) with intent or gross negligence.

### 5. Our Liability

We will refund you in full and are liable for losses directly and reasonably
foreseeably incurred by an incorrectly or non-executed payment transaction,
provided that you have informed us of such transaction without undue delay after
becoming aware of the defect and in no event later than thirteen (13) months
after the transaction was executed, unless we failed to make information about
the transaction available to you.

We are liable for damages suffered as a result of willful misconduct or gross
negligence. In case of minor negligence, we are only liable for (a) damages
resulting from injury to life, body, or health; or (b) foreseeable typically
occurring damages resulting from the breach of an essential contractual
obligation. Any further liability is excluded.

If you are a business using the Payment Services, unforeseeable damages in
accordance with the above include (but are not limited to) loss of goodwill or
reputation, direct or indirect loss of profits, loss of data, loss of business
and other intangible losses. You also explicitly agree that as a business you
may not benefit from the rights and liability regimes deriving from the legal
provisions with regard to payment services (Articles 79(1), 81(3), 86, 88 to 90,
93 and 101 of the Luxembourg Law of 10 November 2009 on payment services) in the
event of non-execution or defective execution of Payment Services under this
agreement, meaning we are not liable to you for the losses or damage you may
suffer under those provisions.

### 6. Shipping Labels

If buyers purchase a return shipping label at their own expense on the eBay
website, eBay may automatically deduct the label costs from the refund amount a
buyer receives from you. If this occurs, you agree (as a debtor to the buyer for
the refund) to be delegated as a debtor to the shipping carrier for the label
costs, and authorize us to use the relevant part of the refund amount to pay the
shipping carrier on your behalf. You will not bear any additional shipping costs
in this event.

### 7. Holds (for consumers in Germany)

If you are a consumer in Germany, eBay Sarl will apply holds to your funds in
accordance with this section. For all other sellers, holds are applied under the
conditions in Part I, Section 7/Holds.

As a regulated payment entity, we are legally required to implement an effective
risk management program and robust measures to prevent fraud, money laundering,
and terrorist financing. For these purposes, we may place holds on your funds,
or instruct a payment service provider to hold your funds, under the conditions
and for the duration described below, taking into account your and other users’
legitimate interests.

A hold can be placed either on transaction level or on account level.
Transaction-level holds are placed in relation to a particular buyer
transaction, typically to secure a potential refund of the transaction amount to
the buyer, e.g., after a successful eMBG claim (“Transaction Holds”). These
holds freeze the amount of the relevant transaction. Account-level holds prevent
the disbursement of all funds on the account (“Account Holds”). They are placed
for reasons related to the seller, the seller’s conduct, or the activity on an
account, e.g. if there is a suspicion of fraud.

**Transaction Holds** can be placed if:

  * Your buyer opens a case under an eBay Buyer Protection Program (see Part I, Section 7/eBay Money Back Guarantee Programs). If the buyer's claim is successful, you must reimburse the eMBG Service Provider for the amount refunded to the buyer according to the applicable User Agreement and eMBG policy. We will secure the reimbursement claim of the eMBG Service Provider against you by placing a hold on the relevant amount until the case is decided. If the case is resolved in your favor or if you are found to be protected under the Seller Protection Program, we will release the hold and disburse your funds. 
  * Your buyer (or the holder of the payment instrument used to pay for the transaction) opens a payment dispute with its payment service provider (see Part I, Section 7/Disputes). If the buyer's claim is successful, you must reimburse us for the amounts refunded to the buyer as described in Part I, Section 7/Disputes. We will secure our reimbursement claim against you by placing a hold on the relevant amount until the case is decided by the buyer’s payment service provider. If the case is resolved in your favor or if you are found to be protected under the Seller Protection Program, we will release the hold and disburse your funds. 
  * Additionally, we may place a hold on funds depending on your seller status, changes to your account status, or other factors we use to help ensure a safe marketplace. We place such holds to ensure that sellers successfully fulfill the order and that refunds for potential buyer-requested returns, eMBG claims, or disputes filed by a buyer can be executed effectively. 
    * New, dormant, and infrequent sellers may experience holds for up to 30 days while becoming established on eBay in accordance with eBay’s best selling practices and building a strong selling history. 
    * Previously restricted or suspended sellers may experience holds for the 30 days after the restriction or suspension is lifted, while we confirm that the order has been successfully fulfilled.
    * Unusual selling patterns, like an unexpected surge in sales, a change in business type, a change in average selling price or the type of items being sold, or the sale of high-priced items may lead to holds for up to 30 days or until the fulfillment of the order is confirmed to help us ensure that buyers don't have any issues with the order. 
    * The authentication process may lead to holds for up to 30 days until the authenticity of items sold with eBay's Authenticity Guarantee can be confirmed.
    * For specific shipping methods such as local pick-up, holds may be placed to ensure that the seller completes the delivery of the item according to the conditions stated in the item description. The hold will be lifted when the delivery is confirmed, e.g. by scanning a QR code at local pick-up. 
    * If we have identified an increased risk of seller performance issues, for example if multiple buyers have reported problems or if we see excessive cancellations related to an account, we may place a hold on a transaction to ensure that the seller completes the fulfillment of the order. The hold will be lifted when the successful fulfillment is confirmed. 
    * Holds applied as described above for a certain period of time to secure the successful fulfillment of buyer’s orders may be applied for longer periods of time in cases of extended delivery times.

**Account Holds** can be placed in the following cases:

  * Failed or incomplete identification and verification process. If you do not assist us in the identification and verification process, for example, if you do not provide us with the information and/or documents necessary to identify and verify you or your company in accordance with the applicable legal requirements (see Part I, Section 4, 3rd bullet point), we cannot pay out your funds. Once you provide the requested information, and we can verify your identity, we will release the hold, and your funds can be disbursed. The duration of the hold depends on how fast you provide the required documents. 
  * Compliance and risk reasons. We may hold payouts in order to fulfill our legal obligations in the following cases: 
    * As a regulated payment entity, we are legally required to implement an effective risk management program and robust measures to prevent fraud, money laundering, and terrorist financing. This includes measures to ensure that we can fulfill our payment obligations at all times, including and in particular towards our users. If we identify a financial, fraud or money laundering/terrorist financing risk, we will hold your payouts. A financial or fraud risk exists if payments could be made by or to an unauthorized third party instead of you (e.g., in case of an “account takeover,” when a third party has gained unauthorized access to your eBay account) or if you violate applicable law, these Payment Terms of Use, the applicable User Agreement or any other eBay Policies, and your actions could cause other users or us to suffer a loss or financial or reputational damages. 
    * We or our Affiliated Companies may be legally obligated to block your payouts. We may receive an order by an authority to freeze your funds, or the Affiliate providing the eBay Services to you may be legally required under certain conditions to ensure that no payments are made to you and to notify us accordingly, as in the case of eBay GmbH which must comply with the requirements under the EU's DAC7 Directive, as transposed into national law (Sec. 23 sentence 2 no. 2 PStTG). 
If we hold your payouts due to compliance and risk reasons, we will notify you
and may request additional information from you. Once we have received the
requested information or the risk is otherwise resolved, we will release the
hold and your funds can be disbursed. The duration of the hold depends on how
quickly you provide the information or how quickly the risk is otherwise
resolved.

  * Performance holds: We hold your payouts if we identify unusual activity associated with your account, such as increased number of customer claims, a drop in your seller status to “below standard,” a sudden change in your selling activity or an unusually high percentage of late deliveries or negative buyer feedback. We will only apply a hold in this case if the unusual activity associated with your account is material in the sense that, according to our experience based on comparable cases in the past, it leads to a risk for all of your potential buyers regarding the fulfillment of the delivery of the order or the effective execution of refunds for potential buyer-requested returns, eMBG claims, or disputes filed by a buyer. The duration of these holds depends on how fast the issues underlying the identified unusual activity are resolved. 
  * Invalid payment method: We may put your payouts on hold if we can't deduct your selling fees and other Owed Amounts from any of your payment instruments on file. In this case, once you add another payment method, the hold will be released.

### 8. Corrective Measures

If we become aware of suspected or actual fraud or other security threats
affecting your eBay account, we will notify you by email and provide you with
instructions on how to protect such account.

### 9. Financial Regulations Consent

eBay Sarl will share information you provided to eBay Sarl with our Affiliates
or third parties only for the purpose of such Affiliates and third parties
assisting us in providing Managed Payments as described in Part I, Section 9
(Third party Providers), or in accordance with the following consent.

You expressly consent to eBay Sarl sharing your information with our Affiliates
or third parties under the conditions and for the purposes as described below.
By sharing this information, we and the respective Affiliate will be able to
comply with applicable law. This will allow us and our Affiliates to continue to
provide our services to you.

  * We may share your information with eBay GmbH or other eBay Affiliates which are obligated under the Digital Services Act (Regulation (EU) 2022/2065 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 19 October 2022 on a Single Market For Digital Services and amending Directive 2000/31/EC) to obtain such information from you. The Digital Services Act obligates online platform providers like eBay to obtain and validate certain information from professional sellers offering goods and services to consumers in the EU. Such information can among others include identification information about you (including for example a copy of your identification document or an equivalent electronic document), information on your account with us (including information related to your Linked Financial Account), as well as the results of any verification of such information performed by us. 
  * We may share with eBay GmbH (the entity providing the eBay Services to customers in the EU under the User Agreement) your Linked Financial Account information and the total amounts paid to you in a given quarter including amounts withheld for fees and taxes, as well as any other information about you to allow eBay GmbH to comply with its obligations under the EU DAC7 tax directive (Council Directive (EU) 2021/514 of 22 March 2021 amending Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation). Under this directive as transposed into national law, eBay GmbH is required to collect customer information for certain sellers and report this to EU tax authorities. 
  * We may share with eBay Inc. (the entity that facilitates the offer, sale, and purchase of goods and services on the eBay.com e-commerce marketplace) your Linked Financial Account information to enable eBay Inc. to comply with United States federal and state laws that require online marketplaces to collect and verify certain information regarding high-volume third party sellers of consumer products on such online marketplaces. These laws include the United States INFORM Consumers Act (H.R. 2617 – 117th Congress (2021-2022)) and any such substantially similar laws as may be adopted in the United States from time to time. 
  * We may, directly or through our Affiliates, disclose account information to intellectual property rights owners on the basis of applicable national law of an EU member state in an out-of-court disclosure process, in the event of an infringement of their intellectual property rights for which our payment services have been used (including, but not limited to, Art. 19 of the German Trademark Act). 
  * We may disclose to tax authorities in the EU your account information and details on your cross-border payment transactions, as well as any other information required to comply with our obligations under the CESOP Directive (Council Directive (EU) 2020/284 of 18 February 2020 amending Directive 2006/112/EC), as transposed into national law in the EU Member States. 

### 10. General Provisions

#### Exclusion of Certain Provisions for Non-Consumers

If you are a business which uses the Payment Services, you agree that Articles
79 (1), 81 (3), 86, 88, 89, 90, 93, and 101 and Title III of the Law of 10
November 2009 on payment services shall not apply to your use of the Payment
Services.

#### Individuals

If you are an individual acting in your own capacity and not on behalf of a
business, you may not use the Payment Services to receive or transfer funds on
behalf of another natural person or a legal entity.

#### Complaints

Any complaints about eBay Sarl or the services it provides should first be
addressed to eBay Sarl. You agree that all responses from eBay Sarl relating to
such complaints may be sent to you by email.

Should you not be satisfied with eBay Sarl's responses, you may also escalate
your complaint to the CSSF (www.cssf.lu), which is the competent authority to
receive out-of-court complaints by customers of payment service providers
authorized in Luxembourg. For further information please refer to our Complaints
Procedure.

#### Communication

We will communicate with you in the language(s) in which we provided these
Payments Terms of Use to you. You agree that we may give you notice or other
information by posting it in your eBay Account, emailing it to your registered
email address, mailing it to your registered physical address, calling your
phone number, or sending you mobile messages.

Legal notices to eBay Sarl (except for termination notices pursuant to Part I,
Section 12) shall be served by mail to the following address: eBay S.à r.l.,
22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg.

You may request a copy of any legally required disclosures (including these
Payments Terms of Use) from us; we will then provide it to you in a format which
allows you to store and reproduce the information (for example, by email) or,
upon your request, on paper.

#### Governing Law and Jurisdiction

These Payments Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. If you are acting as a consumer
(rather than as a business) and if mandatory statutory consumer protection
regulations in your country of residence contain provisions that are more
beneficial for you, such provisions shall apply irrespective of the choice of
Luxembourg law.

As a consumer, you may bring any judicial proceedings relating to the General
Payments Terms and these Additional Payments Terms for Payment Services provided
by eBay Sarl before the competent court of either your place of residence or
eBay Sarl's place of business in Luxembourg. If eBay Sarl wishes to enforce any
of its rights against you as a consumer, we may do so only in the courts of the
jurisdiction in which you are a resident. If you are acting as a business
seller, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

## IV. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY ECCA

In addition to the General Payments Terms above, the following provisions apply
with respect to Payment Services you receive from ECCA. Within this section,
“we” or “us” refers to ECCA.

As between you and ECCA, these Payments Terms of Use incorporate by this
reference the User Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the User
Agreement and these Payments Terms of Use, these Payments Terms of Use will
govern.

We may change, discontinue, enhance, or modify features of Managed Payments at
any time.

### 1. Receipt and Settlement of Funds

After a Managed Payments transaction occurs, you will receive a notification
confirming such payment transaction. **In certain instances, your transaction
may be declined, frozen, or held for any reason including for suspected fraud,
high risk or potential violation of any eBay or ECCA policies, or a policy of
one of our third-party payments services providers.**

Funds received by us on your behalf represent an unsecured claim for payment
against us, but do not constitute deposits. ECCA may combine your funds with the
funds of other ECCA customers in pooled custodial accounts and invest the funds
in accordance with applicable law. You do not have any ownership interest in
these investments and any interest earned from these investments will be
retained by us.

Unless subject to a hold in accordance with these Payments Terms of Use,
proceeds from your sales on eBay will typically become available for
disbursement within one to two business days of confirming the buyer’s payment.
In some cases, funds may become available for disbursement after the item is
deemed delivered to its shipping destination. Once available for disbursement,
transaction proceeds will be aggregated in a batch for settlement to your Linked
Financial Account on a regular basis, in conformity with the payout schedule
selected by you and agreed to by us. Once we initiate disbursement, transaction
proceeds will generally settle in your Linked Financial Account within three
business days, although actual settlement times may vary for individual
transactions based on your bank’s processing times. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, when you onboard to Managed Payments, we may initially place you on a
different payout schedule (no less frequently than monthly) and will communicate
the applicable payout schedule to you in My eBay or Seller Hub.

We may diverge from this procedure as needed for compliance or operational
reasons. If we are unable to settle your proceeds, then, depending on the reason
why we are unable to settle your proceeds, we may refund the buyer (e.g., in the
event that we cannot process your information for technical reasons or you
violate these Payments Terms of Use, etc.) or otherwise process these funds in
accordance with applicable law or policies.

### 2. Authorization to Pay

The authorization to pay for Owed Amounts in accordance with Part I, Section 10
is an electronic pre-authorized debit agreement (“**PAD Agreement** ”) that you
are entering into for business purposes to allow eBay to debit your designated
bank account, and is subject to the rules of Payments Canada.

By completing registration for Managed Payments, you hereby authorize ECCA (or
its Affiliates) and the ﬁnancial institution that has issued your Linked
Financial Account to debit your Linked Financial Account for Owed Amounts in
variable amounts at such intervals as when you have Owed Amounts that are due
and owing and we are unable to collect such Owed Amounts from your current or
future disbursements.

**You agree to waive all pre-notification requirements under the Payments Canada
rules in respect of any variable debits originated under this PAD Agreement.
ECCA will notify you by email regarding any one-time or sporadic debits in order
to obtain your authorization.**

ECCA, or its Affiliates, will charge your account a CDN$ 7.00 fee by way of a
separate debit for each and every debit transaction authorized above that is
unsuccessful or returned unpaid by your ﬁnancial institution. We shall have no
liability to you whatsoever caused by a dishonored debit.

If you would like to cancel this PAD Agreement, you may do so at any time by
contacting ECCA. If you cancel this PAD Agreement without providing a new
authorization, we may suspend or cancel your Payment Services and eBay may
suspend or cancel your eBay Services.

You have certain recourse rights if any debit does not comply with this PAD
Agreement. For example, you have the right to receive reimbursement for any
debit that is not authorized or is not consistent with this PAD Agreement. To
obtain more information on your recourse rights, or for further information on
your right to cancel this PAD Agreement and applicable forms, you may contact
your ﬁnancial institution or visit www.payments.ca.

### 3. Legal Disputes

**PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND WILL HAVE A
SUBSTANTIAL IMPACT ON HOW CLAIMS YOU AND EBAY HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER ARE
RESOLVED.**

You and ECCA agree that any claim or dispute at law or equity that has arisen,
or may arise, between you and ECCA (including any claim or dispute between you
and a third-party agent of ECCA) that relates in any way to or arises out of
this or previous versions of these Payments Terms of Use, your use of or access
to the Payment Services, the actions of ECCA or its agents, will be resolved in
accordance with the provisions set forth in this Legal Disputes Section.

  * **Law and Forum for Disputes if you do not reside in Quebec –** These Payments Terms of Use and any dispute or claim you have against eBay shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. Except as otherwise agreed by the parties or as described in the Arbitration Option paragraph below you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts located in Toronto, Ontario for the resolution of and all claims or disputes you may have against ECCA. 
  * **Law and Forum for Disputes if you reside in Quebec -** These Payments Terms of Use and any dispute or claim you have against ECCA shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the Province of Quebec and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein. 
  * **Arbitration Option -** For any dispute or claim (excluding claims for injunctive or other equitable relief) where the total amount of monetary relief sought is less than CDN$15,000, the parties may elect to resolve the dispute in a cost-effective manner through binding arbitration. In the event that the parties agree to arbitration, such arbitration shall be conducted pursuant to the simplified arbitration procedure set out in the arbitration rules of the ADR Institute of Canada, in force at the time of the dispute. Unless the parties agree or the arbitrator determines otherwise, the arbitration shall not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses and shall be conducted by telephone, online and/or be solely based on written submissions. Any judgement on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

**Improperly Filed Claims -** All claims you bring against ECCA must be resolved
in accordance with this Resolution of Disputes section. All claims filed or
brought contrary to the Resolution of Disputes section shall be considered
improperly filed. Should you file a claim contrary to the Resolution of Disputes
Section, ECCA may recover attorneys' fees and costs up to CDN$1500, provided
that eBay has notified you in writing of the improperly filed claim, and you
have failed to promptly withdraw the claim. Except as stated otherwise, legal
notices to ECCA shall be served on ECCA's national registered agent.

**[Does not apply if you reside in Quebec]** Any translation of these Payments
Terms of Use and all related documents is done for our users' convenience and in
the event of a dispute between the English and French version, the English
version of these Payments Terms of Use and all related documents shall govern.

If you are a resident of the Province of Quebec, the following clause applies:
The parties hereby confirm that they have requested that these Payments Terms of
Use and all related documents be drafted in English. _Les parties ont exigé que
la présente convention et tous les documents afférents soient rédigés en langue
anglaise._

## V. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY ECA

In addition to the General Payments Terms above, the following provisions apply
with respect to Payment Services you receive from ECA. Within this section, “we”
or “us” refers to ECA.

As between you and ECA, these Payments Terms of Use incorporate by this
reference the User Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the User
Agreement and these Payments Terms of Use, these Payments Terms of Use will
govern.

We may change, discontinue, enhance, or modify features of Managed Payments at
any time. If ECA is your Payout Entity, we will notify you of any material
changes or modifications to the features of Managed Payments through eBay
messages (in My eBay) or directly to the email address linked to your account.

### 1. Receipt and Settlement of Funds; Disabling Payment Methods

After a Managed Payments transaction occurs, you will receive a notification
confirming such payment transaction. In certain instances, your transaction may
be declined, frozen, or held for any reason including for suspected fraud or
potential violation of any eBay or ECA policies, or a policy of one of our
third-party payments service providers.

Unless subject to a hold in accordance with these Payments Terms of Use,
proceeds from your sales on eBay will typically become available for
disbursement within one to two business days of confirming the buyer’s payment.
In some cases, funds may become available for disbursement after the item is
deemed delivered to its shipping destination. Once available for disbursement,
transaction proceeds will be aggregated in a batch for settlement to your Linked
Financial Account upon the next date of your scheduled payout. Once we initiate
disbursement, transaction proceeds will generally be settled to your Linked
Financial Account within two business days after initiating disbursements to
you, although actual settlement times may vary for individual transactions based
on circumstances such as your bank’s processing times. However, we may diverge
from this procedure as needed for compliance or risk reasons. If we are unable
to settle your proceeds, then, depending on the reason why we are unable to
settle your proceeds, we may refund the buyer (e.g., in the event that we cannot
process your information for technical reasons etc.) or otherwise process these
funds in accordance with applicable law.

Funds received by us on your behalf represent an unsecured claim for payment
against us, but do not constitute deposits. ECA may combine your funds with the
funds of other ECA customers in pooled accounts and invest the funds. You do not
have any ownership interest in these investments and any interest earned from
these investments shall be retained by us.

We may disable specific payment method(s) available to buyers for all or some of
your listings if we reasonably believe the use of such payment methods for your
transactions will increase regulatory, financial, or other risk to us. For
example, if you would like to offer a high-priced item with a new eBay account,
we may disable such payment methods where the amount is credited with a time
delay after the transaction (e.g. Buy Now Pay Later). In assessing the risk, we
consider relevant factors such as your sales history, service status, eBay
account history, risks associated with certain item categories, transaction
value, and number and monetary amounts of eMBG cases. We will re-enable the
affected payment method(s) for your listings once the risk no longer exists.

### 2. Unsuccessful Direct Debits

We will charge your account an AUD 8.00 fee by way of a separate debit for every
debit transaction for an Owed Amount that is unsuccessful or returned unpaid by
your financial institution. We shall have no liability to you whatsoever caused
by a dishonored debit.

### 3. Legal Disputes

If a dispute arises between you and ECA, our goal is to provide you with a
neutral and cost-effective means of resolving the dispute quickly. We strongly
encourage you to first contact us to seek a resolution. If your dispute is not
resolved by contacting Customer Service, all legal notices and formal disputes
should be sent to ECA's registered agent in accordance with the “Notices”
section below. We will consider reasonable requests to resolve the dispute
through alternative dispute resolution procedures, such as mediation or
arbitration, as alternatives to litigation.

#### Law and Forum for Legal Disputes

These Payments Terms of Use will be governed in all respects by the laws of New
South Wales. We encourage you to try and resolve disputes using certified
mediation (such as online dispute resolution processes). If a dispute cannot be
resolved then you and ECA irrevocably submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts of New South Wales, Australia.

#### Notices

Legal notices must be served on ECA’s registered agent (in ECA’s case) or to the
registered email address associated with your account (in your case). Notice
will be deemed given 24 hours after email is sent, unless the sending party is
notified that the email address is invalid or that the email has not been
delivered. Alternatively, we may give you legal notice by mail to the address
provided by you during the registration process. In such case, notice will be
deemed given three business days after the date of mailing.

Any notices to ECA's registered agent must be given by registered ordinary post
(or if posted to or from a place outside Australia, by registered airmail) or by
facsimile transmission to eBay Commerce Australia Pty Ltd c/o Corrs Chambers
Westgarth, Quay Quarter Tower, 50 Bridge Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Fax: (02) 9210
6611.

## VI. ADDITIONAL TERMS FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY ECUK

In addition to the General Payments Terms above, the following provisions apply
with respect to Payment Services you receive from ECUK. Within this section,
“we” or “us” refers to ECUK.

As between you and ECUK, these Payments Terms of Use incorporate by this
reference the provisions of the User Agreement to the extent applicable to this
agreement. In the event of any conflict between the User Agreement and these
Payments Terms of Use, these Payments Terms of Use will govern.

### 1. Payment Service; Disabling Payment Methods

You authorize ECUK to acquire and settle payments that it receives on your
behalf. When you sell an item on eBay, you are deemed to be a payee, with ECUK
acting as your payment service provider. In a refund, chargeback, or similar
scenario, or if you use your funds to pay, you may be deemed to be a payer,
again with ECUK acting as your payment service provider. If ECUK is your Payout
Entity, ECUK will open and hold a payment account for you.

The acceptance of a buyer's payment instrument (for example, their Visa card),
once it has been authorized for payment, satisfies the buyer's payment
obligation to you, regardless of whether we actually settle such payment to you.
In the event that we do not make any such payment to you as described in these
Payments Terms of Use, you will have recourse against us only and not against
the buyer. To the extent permissible under the rules of any third-party or
governmental body with jurisdiction over us, you agree that we are not liable
for your acts and omissions and you understand that we disclaim any such
liability.

We may disable specific payment method(s) available to buyers for all or some of
your listings if we reasonably believe the use of such payment methods for your
transactions will increase regulatory, financial, or other risk to us. For
example, if you would like to offer a high-priced item with a new eBay account,
we may disable such payment methods where the amount is credited with a time
delay after the transaction (e.g. direct debit or payment upon invoice). In
assessing the risk, we consider relevant factors such as your sales history,
service status, eBay account history, risks associated with certain item
categories, transaction value, and number and monetary amounts of eMBG cases. We
will re-enable the affected payment method(s) for your listings once the risk no
longer exists.

### 2. Execution of Payment Transactions

When you, as a payee or payer, use Managed Payments, the payment transactions
will be executed in accordance with the payment schemes rules and procedures, or
as otherwise agreed.

#### Required Information

Your payer (for example, the buyer of an item you sell on eBay) must ensure we
are provided with the data required for us to execute the payment transaction.
If we do not have sufficient data to execute such transaction, we reserve the
right to ask your payer's payment service provider for the required information.

We require the following information for the execution of a payment transaction:

  * Your name,
  * Your eBay username,
  * The buyer's name (where applicable),
  * The buyer's eBay username, and any other data about the buyer which the buyer's payment service provider or we may require (where applicable),

  * The currency of the payment transaction (if possible, in abbreviated form),
  * The amount of the payment transaction, and
  * The beneficiary's payment details.

We may also require specific information, such as a one-time authorization code
sent to your verified phone number or email address, to authenticate a payment
transaction (or to allow you to access certain information related to Managed
Payments on eBay).

To the extent reasonably possible, we will automatically utilize the information
stored in our systems. Where the required information provided by you or your
payer is not fully available or is inaccurate, we will not bear any liability
for any damage, delay, or other consequence from the non-execution or defective
execution of the relevant payment transaction.

#### Receipt of Payment Orders

A payment order will be deemed to have been received by us if:

  * Carried out by means of a payment card, then in accordance with the card schemes rules; or
  * Received by our available electronic communication channels, then on the business day when it is actually received by us.

If the payment order is not received on a business day, it will be deemed to be
received on the next business day. “Business days” in this Part III of these
Payments Terms of Use shall mean the days on which banks in London are open for
regular business.

You may not revoke a payment order after we have received it. However, if we
have agreed that a payment order will be executed on a certain future date, the
business day prior to this future date will be the latest you can revoke the
payment order.

#### Refusal of Payment Orders

We reserve the right to refuse the execution of a payment order when:

  * The payment order information contains factual errors and/or is incomplete;

  * You have not satisfied your obligations under these Payments Terms of Use or any other agreement between you and us;
  * There are doubts about the validity of the instruction, or the identity or authority of the person giving the payment order; or
  * The payment order, if executed, would lead to a breach of the applicable rules, laws, or regulations.

We may charge a reasonable fee for such a refusal.

You acknowledge that when executing a payment transaction, we may have to
disclose information mentioned above and your legal address to the other party’s
payment service provider and, where relevant, also to intermediaries involved in
the execution of the payment transaction. You expressly accept and instruct us
to disclose such data.

Where you are the payer, the execution of the transaction may depend on us
having received the respective amount from you prior to the execution.

### 3. Settlement of Funds

If we are your Payout Entity, we will initiate settlement of proceeds received
to your Linked Financial Account. Your payments will generally be initiated
either automatically according to the schedule you have pre-selected (if such
scheduled payments are available to you) or “on demand” based on an individual
payment instruction we receive from you. However, if your payment account is not
configured to include a regularly scheduled settlement, we may periodically
sweep available funds out of your payment account and send them to your Linked
Financial Account.

Proceeds from the sales of private or non-professional sellers become available
for disbursement after the item is deemed delivered to its shipping destination
as detailed on this help page. If you are a business seller, as defined in our
business seller policy, proceeds from your sales on eBay typically become
available for disbursement within 1 business day of confirming the buyer’s
payment.

Unless subject to a hold as described in these Payments Terms of Use, funds that
become available for disbursement will be aggregated in a batch for settlement
to your Linked Financial Account in conformity with the payout schedule selected
by you. For example, if you select weekly payouts, a single settlement will be
initiated automatically once a week for all transactions available for
disbursement to you on that day. If you request a payout on demand, a single
settlement will be initiated for transactions available for disbursement to you
on that day. Transaction proceeds will generally settle to your Linking
Financial Account within two business days of initiating disbursement to you,
although actual settlement times may vary for individual transactions depending
on circumstances such as your bank’s processing times. We may diverge from the
settlement process as needed for compliance or risk reasons. The balance on your
payment account is not a deposit. You will not receive interest or any other
earnings on the money held in your payment account.

If we are unable to settle your proceeds, then, depending on the reason why we
are unable to settle your proceeds, we may refund the buyer (e.g., in the event
that we cannot process your information due to technical reasons etc.) or
otherwise process these funds in accordance with applicable law.

We will provide you with monthly statements of your transactions free of charge,
which can be accessed in the Seller Hub.

### 4. Liability for Unauthorized Payment Transactions

You will be fully liable for all losses relating to an unauthorized payment
transaction if you acted fraudulently with respect to such a payment
transaction, or if you failed to fulfill one or more of the obligations under
this agreement (such as keeping your credentials safe or notifying us without
undue delay) with intent or gross negligence.

### 5. Our Liability

We will refund you in full and are liable for losses directly and reasonably
foreseeably incurred by an incorrectly or non-executed payment transaction,
provided that you have informed us of such transaction without undue delay after
becoming aware of the defect and in no event later than thirteen (13) months
after the transaction was executed, unless we failed to make information about
the transaction available to you.

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we and our Affiliates (and
our and their respective employees, directors, agents and representatives) will
not be liable for any direct lost profits, any indirect lost profits, or any
special, incidental or consequential damages (including without limitation
damages for loss of data or loss of business) arising out of or in connection
with these Payments Terms of Use or Managed Payments (including the inability to
use Managed Payments). In addition, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, in no event will aggregate liability of us or our Affiliates
(and our and their respective employees, directors, agents and representatives)
arising out of or in connection with these Payments Terms of Use, the
transactions contemplated hereby, or Managed Payments exceed the actual amount
of direct damages (excluding direct loss of profits), whether in contract, tort
(including negligence, product liability or other theory), warranty, or
otherwise.

Without limiting the foregoing, in no event will we or any of our Affiliates be
liable to you for any failure or delay by us (or our employees, agents, or
representatives) in performing our obligations under these Payments Terms of
Use, where such failure or delay is caused by abnormal and unforeseeable
circumstances beyond our control, the consequences of which would have been
unavoidable despite all reasonable efforts to the contrary, or where we are
bound by other legal obligations covered by applicable law.

### 6. Shipping Labels

If buyers purchase a return shipping label at their own expense on the eBay
website, eBay may automatically deduct the label costs from the refund amount a
buyer receives from you. If this occurs, you agree (as a debtor to the buyer for
the refund) to be delegated as a debtor to the shipping carrier for the label
costs, and authorize us to use the relevant part of the refund amount to pay the
shipping carrier on your behalf. You will not bear any additional shipping costs
in this event.

### 7. Corrective Measures

If we become aware of suspected or actual fraud or other security threats
affecting your eBay account, we will notify you by email and provide you with
instructions on how to protect such account.

### 8. General Provisions

Provided that you are not a micro-enterprise, a charity or a consumer, you agree
that Articles 66(1), 67(3), 67(4), 75, 77, 79, 80, 83, 91, 92, 94 and Part 6 of
the Payment Services Regulations 2017 shall not apply to your use of the Payment
Services.

#### Individuals

If you are an individual acting in your own capacity and not on behalf of a
business, you may not use the Payment Services to receive or transfer funds on
behalf of another natural person or a legal entity.

#### Complaints

Any complaints about ECUK or the services it provides should first be addressed
to ECUK. You agree that all responses from ECUK relating to such complaints may
be sent to you by email.

Should you not be satisfied with ECUK's answer, you may also escalate your
complaint to the FCA (www.fca.org.uk), which is the competent authority to
receive out-of-court complaints by customers of payment service providers
authorized in the UK. For further information please refer to our Complaints
Procedure.

#### Communication

We will communicate with you in the language(s) in which we provided these
Payments Terms of Use to you. You agree that we may give you notice or other
information by posting it in your eBay Account, emailing it to your registered
email address, mailing it to your registered physical address, calling your
phone number, or sending you mobile messages.

Legal notices to ECUK (with the exception of a termination notice pursuant to
Section 12) shall be served by mail to the following address: eBay Commerce UK
Ltd, Hotham House, 1 Heron Square, Richmond upon Thames, Surrey TW9 1EJ, United
Kingdom.

You may request a copy of any legally required disclosures (including these
Payments Terms of Use) from us; we will then provide it to you in a format which
allows you to store and reproduce the information (for example, by email) or,
upon your request, on paper.

#### Governing Law and Jurisdiction

These Payments Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of England and Wales. If you are acting as a consumer (rather than
as a business) and if mandatory statutory consumer protection regulations in
your country of residence contain provisions that are more beneficial for you,
such provisions shall apply irrespective of the choice of English law.

As a consumer, you may bring any judicial proceedings relating to the General
Payments Terms and these Additional Payments Terms for Payment Services provided
by ECUK before the competent court of either your place of residence or ECUK's
place of business in the United Kingdom. If ECUK wishes to enforce any of its
rights against you as a consumer, we may do so only in the courts of the
jurisdiction in which you are a resident. If you are acting as a business
seller, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.

## Previous version

Previous Payments Terms of Use

Previous Payments Terms of Use - Download PDF

