By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to
provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.

Continue

Why Partner With eBay?

What is Affiliate Marketing?

Featured Category Center

Insights & Updates

Special Business Models

Audience Sharing Partners

Payment Calendar

Build Ads & Campaigns

Drive Traffic to Increase Revenue

Monitor Performance & Optimize Results

Search

Search all pages for “ ”

# Welcome to eBay Partner Network

Earn money by driving traffic and prompting sales across one of the world's
largest and most diverse marketplaces.

##  Why eBay Partner Network?

###  Work with a global commerce leader

From global brands to local stands, eBay connects millions of buyers and sellers
around the world, empowering people and creating opportunity for all.

See eBay by the numbers

###  Leverage deals and promotions

You can earn for traffic you drive to a specific item, but also any traffic that
results in a sale. Funneling users to our high-converting landing pages can
really move the needle.

###  Track, analyze, and optimize

Our portal provides intuitive tools and comprehensive reports that deliver the
rich, granular data you need to understand, manage, and improve your results.

Explore our solutions

###  Get rewarded for innovation

From mobile apps to unique integrations, many of our partners engage and delight
buyers by developing experiences that build on our rich platform.

Learn how developers drive the buying experience

"Through continual testing and growth, eBay helped us enhance our business at
each stage of our journey. They have been a true, valued partner."

Kyle Schumacher

Partnerships, Wikibuy from Capital One

2.3 Billion

Listings

80%

New Items

134M Buyers

in 190 Markets

90%

"Buy it now"

##  More Than Just a Portal

Our approachable platform provides the solutions you need to build ads and
campaigns, drive traffic to increase revenue, monitor performance, and optimize
results.

Explore our Solutions

##  How does affiliate marketing work today?

You decide the best affiliate model based on your specific business

You integrate your mobile, web, and social platforms with eBay’s global
inventory

Your users engage with your platforms and buy eBay products

Your revenue increases with each qualified sale

Learn more about Affiliate Marketing

