#  Browse. Buy. Carefree.

Whatever you’re buying—large or small, new or refurbished—eBay offers many ways
to ensure you get exactly what you want.

## eBay Money Back Guarantee

##  Get the item you ordered or your money back—it’s that simple.

It’s automatic and covers your purchase price plus original shipping on eligible
purchases* and there’s no extra fee for coverage. Follow these steps to get your
refund.

### Contact Your Seller

If an item hasn’t arrived or isn’t as described, go to My eBay, select the item
in your purchase history, and reach out to your seller.

### Not resolved? Let us know.

If you’ve talked to your seller and the issue still isn’t resolved after three
business days, contact us.

### We’ll get your money back. Fast.

You can count on hearing from us within 48 hours.

Learn More

*In order to be protected by eBay Money Back Guarantee certain payment methods must be used and all eligibility requirements and deadlines must be met. Category/Item exclusions apply. For full terms and conditions, read our eBay Money Back Guarantee policy.
Learn More

##  Need to Return an Item?

It’s easy to do on eBay.

Whatever you’re looking for, millions of items on eBay are returnable. Before
you buy an item, check the seller’s return policy, then follow these easy steps
to make a return.

1

### Start Your Return

Select the item you want to return in your purchase history on **My eBay**.

2

### Ship the Item Back

If the seller asks, send the item back as soon as possible using their preferred
return method.

3

### Receive Your Refund

If the seller doesn’t refund your money, ask eBay to step in and help.

Learn More

##  Buying Auto Parts and Accessories, a Vehicle, or Business Equipment on eBay?

Your purchase may come with protection.

For Parts and Accessories

Eligible parts and accessories purchased are covered by **eBay Guaranteed Fit**.
These products are guaranteed to fit your vehicle or you will get your money
back plus free return shipping.

Learn More

For Vehicles

Our Vehicle Purchase Protection (VPP) covers up to $100,000 for vehicle non-
delivery, missing title, or major undisclosed defects. You’re automatically
enrolled in the program at no extra charge.

Learn More

For Business Equipment

Our Business Equipment Purchase Protection (BEPP) protects eligible capital
equipment purchases for up to $100,000 for non-delivery and undisclosed defects.

Learn More

##  eBay Customer Service

Have a question? Need to resolve an issue? We’re here to help! Customer service
is available seven days a week.

